###PAGE###1###
f
SH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q.,
Vol. XVI, No. 4(>.
THURSDAY, MAY
2 :»,	1899
I
„ SUBSCRIPTION :
One Dollar a Year In advance
“THE EQUITY ”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Mai-le Bmi’P for ante at J. H
Shaw’s
Have you tried Dowd’s 44 High Loaf '
Flour ?	¦
H ath, — We have the finest lint.s in town—See them
Go toCuthbertson & Graham's for pic-	**„ n T nr «• , ilf ...
lure framing and all kinds of furniture »	VVa!he» of the Wallis studio,
repairing.	Am prior, was in town this week and
S3S:
Robert Lawson was sent to Central groups of those who favor him with a Messrs. George and Thomas Findlnv	I pr,,on from Kmgeton last week for ten	»itting.	Mr. Wallis is an expert	artist,
hive the stone foundation of the	nevt	montke /or hugging and frightening three	an(1 *e have no doubt he will give	gener-
grist mill well advanced.	I worr,en *n a lonely spot.	al satisfaction to all who favor him with
Draft* l*sued on all Bunk Inc points in the Domin- The Rarmmri e	.. .	I. ^ ^d and Lady Minto shot the Chau-	H may also be stated that Mr.
United titaiee and Oyst lirtutu.	e ivaymond Sowing Machine equals diere rapids on Wednesday last in an' a ** making arrangements to spend
Note* aryl Dill, collected.	I	,|*e	by A. Smiley open boat. Their Excellences were de. fo,ur1°.r ®ve d.âJa Pa:h mo.nth this town,
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt st current " nmwvil,e* ,rom up.	lighted with the experience.	| °* which notice will be given later.
jsg^ssssssfjtjr^	“«ES» “£ Lîïyffl	'mÎ;
T-”"-’1-¦	¦ —-1	“ ™‘ZT	“i ai* I T. thet.rm-Sr&iS Z.'.
The P. P. J. h. Company have a con-1	on and lke ^0UDty«	Bench opened at Bryson, Mr. Justice
a force of men ât "'""ï ha,1,linK *'«•. and	Ja.. Carlin, a young school teacher of L,”r6ne presiding
the r.Li 1 k ni,lkm8 repairs on Stratford, Ont., committed suicide on , ,The 6rand Jul7 were compoaed of the ’	Tuesday by drowning himaelf in • cia-	fol'0,ll,C gentlemen, viz.
Mr. George Lumsden, of Cobden	Dis-	terD- T,U5 rilh eet *• «acribed to aick-	^renian; Jae. W.	Bry
tnct agent for the Manufacturer-^ I.,fe I ne” and » temporarily affected brain.	Oeorge P. Hodgina, H. b. Dowd,
-......... "* &r
E ÏT lheShawville Marble and Gran- ,	, ek » religious procession, headed John Steele.
i e Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor	r f,rltiat« marched through The following special constables were
turns out a superior class of work in Mon-1®6 , ftiCtt;d district offering fervent pray- in attendance
abîente,Head8t°Dee,etCe Priceereaao" 6rS ^	------
store
Are you using Dowd’s Flour Î
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.0(1 per Annum.
Girl Wanted—t
Mies Emma McEachren left on Wed tawa y B8t °n 8 ViSit l° fHendl in °l
/ 11 ' : '1 house* work. Apply to Mrs. (}, M. Donaldson,
Shawville.
Mead Office Milana Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 11,500,000.00
11,170 000.00
range of
J H. Shaw.
Heat
Boot* *Nn Show.-We easily lead in
this line, largest, newest and best stock in County
Board of Directort :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
How. Geo. Dryaojv, Jr.
Alex. Framer, Em« ,
0
Advertising rates made known on applies lion.
J H. Shaw.
wpST, Mr-Tf4 '
rindlay,__
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all pa rts of the country.
John Mather, Ehq. David MacLarin, Khq.
George
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices inserted free; but obituary lines, or "poetry” : GEOROKBURN will beoharged at the rate of 8 cents per Une D* M. FiNNIE money toaccompauy themanuscrlpt In every case.
Dennis Mûri ut, Esq.
General Manager, .. .. Manager
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS
transacted.
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
Ion
W. W. IRELAND,

COTJBT 07 QUEEN'S BENCH
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.


SHAWVILLE - -
QUE.
«HANTS’ BANK
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Univeisity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Unnyrsity, Toronto. Fellow by examination oftfrtnlty Med. College, Toronto. Orne* and Residence : J. H Armhtrono'h House, MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILLE.
OP CANADA.
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
WM. GAMBLE,
Head Office, • Montreal.
I F. O. St. Germain, jr.t L. Migneault, There in said to be net fishing going on Brunet, Joe. Pigeon, E. Merleau,
|gi5E
Court Shawville, «SS» - fftïïfflïïSSV =	“"P
—•	=r--::ÎE£ EE?-»-
*“*	^Hî&SSffisS
orders receive prompt attention at mod	K. G. Allison, Bristol. irand, Delphise, (son) Malvina, (daugh-
era e charges.	Some cool burglars gave evidence of ter) and Emma, (daughter). This case
Come and inspect our stock of macht- fem!lrkab,e nerve and courage by break- went to the petit jury on Monday morn-
nery of all kinds. We have just the kind !nt° ? c!?ar factor7 tw<> nights in sue in£ and brought in a verdict of not guilty, of goods to suit the farmer, and they are ceB8,on\in Bradford, Ont , recently. It a”d the prisoners were accordingly dis,
Seeds. Field and garden seeds ot all consequently going hke liot cakes. Be L^nnliJ as\ "1^ the 1robber8 were chargedL* . f.
Corner of Rank and >	kinds now in stock.	J. H. Shaw, m the swim and secure the best.	ejidontly disturbed, as they left their On Monday afternoon the grand jury
"Wellington Streets, S OTTAWA	. Swirw Jol> unfinished, but returned next night reP°rted on the balance of the cases sub-
»	-- ‘	.... JSr“ ïitsST m, h,n.„,„,	81“ sA*.-Ï.L.ln„ m.
BOOHBEÂimiïmLE, L.L,L,	SiSEEE&EtK! ¦??'“5“iê“	-
MILL W.MT MIAUMLLE ENERY Moxday. ishmg touches on his new house on «eon Dentist, will be at Shawville on child died shortly afterwards and al- TLp T mnutAII #• .	* J J I
a bi;sss=mmm.
^u.Mù.«".r:™r,b“L t,:;: .-Sw	** - - ^	% ssrsssz; nss-js
tion of becoming the editor of the Buck- , M 1,0,1 cowe, and a good second-hand At the Methodist district meetintr held intereet is chiefly centered, will come on. ingham Post, which journal he has pur- JU^ for n 1 uni lier wagon.	in Ottawa last week it was shewn that In * bis case Mr. Barry and another law-
chased .	J. G. McGuire, there had been an increase in memlier- yeri brobably Mr. Gordon, will conduct
M , « v tj i • i.	,	Butcher, Shawville. «bip in the Ottawa district of 133 durimr the case of the crown, while the prisoner
»o”' saSH s-æ-.............................................................................................................* “d
(Old Regletry Office, opposite Court House.) y?a,rl hence, will pre.ent a very neat and hance Loan and Saving. company of delegates, having prom sedtheir minister
-VS-™"------------------"TZ3TL, pi.. 0„„.	“ H
MANV,.«„R,XO STATIONERS, BOOKSIL	SsSHSSS? H ! ,	««k child,,, „l *, Ed„rf d. E&f=
?L,m ddC.i„ --ÆffiBSfc-LL"ffi'ïrï&s1:. sS5s£“fi“S
_	„	_	Montreal. ftiW days ago. It seems their parente. Bldg.,Chicago.
Lower town, Ottawa, was the scene of Mr. Parker of the Merchant's Bank. Mr and Mis. Arthur Leclerc, were . m aL ,,,	SUPERIOR COURT what might have been a very destructful purchased last week from Mr. Hugh away from the house and their four
B ng.gemenu fo r ^ b’usSn con option f.T	""'7 ? the	"d	"ell bred (hreeye„ children were left alone in the house,
with all Courts In the County. Collections ?Plendld work of the firemen, the devour- °,d blood colt, which upon its arrival In some way fire originated in the barn madeandp-omptreturneassured " ing clement was confined to a couple of here on Saturday night, underwent the and spread to the house which was only
- buildings.	critical inspection of several of our local a short distance away. The eldest child,
sale cheap, Italian queens ordered when Leo Broken —Mr. Wnt. J. Horner of required. Address
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,.....
Hull.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Offlce—over G. F. H origins’ Store, Main St.

I.O.E
m
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Coart dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
\

L.B.C
$oaî tmd (ScncmL
J. A. Cowan, R 8,
H. 8. Barnett, F B
Hugh Hobbs, C. R.
nr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. i, D.D.S., I

murder.—True

The bill

Arthur McConnell,
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main 8t. Hull, rL Que, will, atrequest.attendallcourts In the district. Al 1 correspondence promptly answered.
Will
moto**
\
beats ha wvIlleflrstThursday ofeacb
CEO. C. WRIGHT,


JAS. HOPE & Co.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE
B
FOR SALE
One
weeks o while spots
pure bri d Shorthorn bull calf, six •Id, color, dark red with a few tmall Price $25.00.
Apply to D. H. CAMPBELL. Maple Ridge, Que
St. Lawrence Sail,
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Ôood Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class LiVKitV Attached.
WANTED.
Marion Brown, paid the extreme pen-North Clarendon, was in town on Satur- ally of the law on Wednesday morning day, and whi'e at E Horigins & Son’s f°r the murder of Constable Toohey, on
wsu&m--
hi; has found evidences of still a',other An.-THER DRvWnino at Deschbnes.- last words were a prayer to his Maker i Last notice, mir.e on his farm, at Gilmour• L>epot, Little Blanche Dallas, aged 11 years,
Oi ter Lake	liii
Robt. McJankt, Yam
Five
young men to travel, who would cot object spending part of their time at canvassing. References. BRADLEY-GARRET5UN CO., LIMITED,
Brantford, Ont,
PONTIAC HOUsf
1
NOTICE
I


II. HOBBS.
Ottawa, May 16tb, 1898.
I and Stanley and George Mead, aged 111 In the death of Richard Foster, a su
SSKlBHI ÜHpi TT
strong current, and am a resu't the frail hors. Mr. Foster was a member of No. Butter.
craft was upset. The lads grasped the 4 Co , 42nd Battalion, Kinburn. He pork per 100, dressed
h'.at and c ung toit, and Stanley cnugh» | taught school for many years, in which | Beef.
profession he was always considered gay per ton highly efficient, and he leaves an estate | Calfskins, worth several thousand dollars. Ho nev cr married.
i
30 tc 31 GO to G5 38to40 37 to 40
i
# # *
10
professor told the Chronicle on Tuesday it would not suffice. Some of the mer chants believe it would lie possible to have the Hamilton make semi-weekly
Thl, hotel will be found full, equipped I £'|» between Arnprior and Portage The for the accommodation of the public gener- Hamilton is the new side-wheeler built
ally, and especially commercial men. Free by the Poisons of Toronto, for the Up-'bus meets all trains. Gocd livery In connection.
... 16 to 18
..... to 13
4.75 to 5 00 4 00 to 4.50 6 50 to 7 00 .... 35 to 40 5.00 to 5 75 .	42 to 75
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
PROPRIETOR
his little female fri-nd, but was unarl to hold on to h r. anri «he was swept a wav and sonii disappeared to bo seen n
<
Hides,
Pelts..
per Ottawa improvement Co., and is Ladles* and gents bicycles kept 1er hire I speedy and commodious.
more
###PAGE###2###
wimeenu.ae AN OLD MAID’S AGE.
»
phoaphatic light on nn old dead log in the woods after mini Of course you have! There again is the reason the cow eats jhe dead wood—because of the development of phosphorous.
Tin weak-kneed pig fed on food wanting in phosphoric acid is another sign, and so ia the old sow savagely devouring her young.
(T. C Wallace, Before the Ontario The loss of fertility in stock, the preFarmers* Institute.)	valence to disease, as
^ as......................EH-iZBE-
Manure is labor. So working the soil ptie changing of clovers from rich, us to set free some of the store of digestible fodder to tough, herbaceous
locked up fertility is rational work, stufl only fit for rope, ts another sign.
The softening grain and the soft, yielding straw is still an indication. The clover sickness, which I have seen,
tth .V.itV'ViWrtViYtWrtW» fVAiWV.MWlrWMry^
I Agricultural |
jhwWWWJWWMWWmVMWWWWiWAwl
lk>n 'M Pennier to
Whon sentencing bo hanged at New Westminster, U. C„ Justice McCall almost broke down.
It is very odd to look back on the alteration wh ch ha* taken place in thoughts and opinion* during the last few centuries of the world. In the time when Julie and other heroines attained the height of their fame at four-llev. B. S. Walker has resigned the teen or fifteen, a woman's personal pastorate of the Meuford Baptist ch u rn* seemed to have waned fur ear-church, and will go to Suuli £Sl e* J lier th in they do in our days. Queen Marie
Peter boro* tempera nce peuple w mü
to compel
INTERESTING ITEMS ABOUT OUR
OWN COUNTRY.
the License Comimssioiieib the license holders to adhere to i tie
law.
MANURE'S AND MANURING
(lathered from Various Pointe from tht
for instance,
Atlantic to the Pacific.
Pet roles's population is 4,621.
Renfrew is to have n market.
Oil Springs wants a fall fair.
Petroled wants a larger market.
Renfrew's population this year is 3,685.
Waterloo’s tax rate this year is 171-4 mills.
Henrietta Maria bewailed at two-aud« Judge Jamieson, of Guelph, has been |Wen(y (hat she was losing her attract ions and growing old ; and a girl who passed nineteen without becoming a wife was considered to be getting past all hope of marriage.
Of course this was partly due to thf
appointed arbitrator yi the negotiations between Galt and the Impel ml
H"i vl Co.
Returning to 4the soil a portion at
leant of the material we remove by
cropping and grazing is also rational has the loss of pbosphatic fertility for
iis prime cause. The spread of disease orchards because the trees are
in the same school
St. Catharines boys serenaded a
pie that were recently married, and as.
result appeared in court charged with disturbing the M ice.
oou
work, but only u brunch of the work
Coldwater is to have a new Public
among un i bit
a
Treating the soil as a receptacle or storehouse into which We under t ike to tine put a dollar's worth of stuff to get a ' The shtivcled grain and failure to dollar.
: SScwi ! -w
worth for fifty or seventy-five cents, tu lut>pGrly ripen. Turn where you so that we may score a profit on our will, and the signs stare you in the
face
time*, in those rough and warlikt
to resist is
Guelph's tax rate is 24 mills on the
days there was no protection for wo uisulo their husband's homes ol
Presbyte riau
Two elders in (he
church at Merivale, near Ottawa, have 111 11 resigned, oil account of the pastor, the convent Rev. Mr. W hi Hum, preaching too fre- lu evCure a safe asylum for their girl#
under a husband's roof, and hurried
Chatham City Council has accepted	luto marring* at the eurliesJ
(he resignation of City engineer Iopp, p^^itile age.
wln> goes to Victoria, H t Hi Shakleton has been recommended to fill the vacancy ut #70 a month.
Nelson, B. C, may soon have a street
Parents were too glut
Oil Springs* chief of police bus resigned.
Grace church, Brantford, is to be improved.
New market's public library has 131 members.
quently on temperanoe
li,bor, is neither rational or business like. . Such lottery with nature is unworthy of the boasted Agricultural intelligence of the closing days of the nineteenth century.
Ler us, however, now look closely at the general result of stock feeding on our lands. We find the results are
(To Be C\>ni inued.)
J. W
Another reason was to be found if
policy. Fathers tried to secure heir fur their sons and girls with s good dower were married in the nui» sometimes e\eu in their cradles. Early marriages were an absolute no
RENOVATING ORCHARDS
Own Sound schools are badly overcrowded.
Repair is not necessarily associated with old age and decay 10 or 15 years old sometimes need re- only #10
much as do old and
IV4SVS
Apple trees
OUR PET PAIN.
Each one of us h is her special wcak-„„	.	......	,	ness or cause of complaint, almost
uib as wu do to-day, we might have 1>,UU“ lb> roughly.	V	Stratford Y. M. C. A. is trying to into consideration; especially is it use-
suctiJsfuUy ‘ without sfiX^nu'^ * run. kite fall until the middle of May, j Fa„ wheat in the vicinity of Orillia ^nt^lo go’^certain plavT uTwhîcb hips more successfully than wo have cam should be used that the trees are has been ruined.	.«nedlancv—nerhaus
dt nV it with stock. Hut we certainly given an open head. This does not im- Petrolea’s police magistrate will get ; 1	1	.	.	,
obi,lined a better.condition of the soil * ,hnl J? small limbs should be re- #300 per annum.	Ihen “>«* bet'omea "" du,lmg'
5H—HHS	...
digest. They take it to build their dune away with if une decides to allow The n(.w Methodist cliurch at Pic-bi no, their nerve force, their ripening, the tree its natural form, rather than ton has been opened, and their powers of reproduction. And attempt to shape it to some particular The Anglicans of Thornbury will 8v> like the grain ami nearly every oth- , .	erect a 84,(100 church.
¦eeililSi
duung period, after which animals are ‘ ,ind m ,iie ludest ways. Uy this Pembroke's population is 5,003
^^mÊÊSSm
ANIMATED MANURE FACTORIES. •
If bad crutches should be fuund to
Pet role a's unpaid taxes amount to
ery
Vancouver police are raiding gnm-
pairing quite as
gout, up to a certain point certainly better than grain growing as described. But, had we understood the true function of clover as a mau-
It was
she reached thirty, a still unappropriated blessing her case wae looked up-
on as hopeless. Nowaday#, we have
wonderfully
duty — points
ch mged all that. Early marriage* are looked upon with disfavor, and year by year lire marriage year# grow later. 1 his is partly due, uo doubt, to the tact that men are less able to bupport wives till they approach middle age; but whereas in the countries
...	.	.	.	.	.	,	abroad, where the same necessity piu-
o*lled weak luug has been her favor- vub mca o£ thirty-live and forty
lie and much-indulged complaint. It ch „,»v girls of eighteen or twenty lor
with us it only extend#
marrying age among women.
driving, or riding as "out-door air is {h lVi„cu] uitj uiaid has now died out advisable in pulmonary affe is.* u ç mpletely * 11 he mail coach or bull Neither does it prevent the enjoyment baiting. 1 be withered, cantakeiuus
v, the opera, the theatre, oi other * il^toîppUjrnoTonger exists. Unamusements. as "recreation keeps up minlvtl women of uncertain age uuw-the spirits, and, through them, im- adavs are 8ulüetimes the moat delight-proves the general physical condition." fui members society boasts. They are
Still there are times when disclination , h,ight, good-tempered, amusing and
to attend a dull social function or a jui, ü£ iulerest, and are very often dry business meeting causes "a warn- ^ most popular companions of young ing stricture deep down in that weak lung.*' And the owner of this pet pain adds, in all sincerity, "l cannot afford to take liberties with that
years ago, and ever suive then a so-
is a very convenient ailment, and one th that does not interfere with walking i lh
xv i v es
men
Nut only that, but more extraordinary still, women no longer look old at the age they used. At thirty a lung, you know.” And her equally ] beautiful woman is often but just ap-sincere husbands always rejoins, feel- j prol,vhing the zenith of her beauty, ingiy, "No, indeed, you cannot, and At fuM>. and even forty-five, if ehe must noil" So easily may one deceive his good health, good temper, and wid-berself and those to whom one is ened interests, he should still be in dear!	her prime. The dreaded period fair,
It is right and proper that we should f:il ull,i forty,” is no longer a bug-guard our weak points and take care hear to th* woman of to-day. She is to strengthen them. But it is surely at|ji called a girl in society ; still plays a mistake to bring them into prom- tennis, dances, flirts—if she be so in-inence. and to call attention to the dined—and his her little courts of flaws in our physical make-up. Com- h)Ve. In fact, the debutante of eev-plaint becomes a matter of habit, and ,.ntven hasn't a chance beside her. with a habit that, once formed, clings to m-vst men, wh > will turn away from one with a tenacity worthy of a bet- th,- «by and gentle little person with ter object.	nothing to say for herself to the in-
After all, to be diseased in any way telligent, sympathetic woman of is a matter to be deplored, not to be world, who knows just how to amuse made much of. Health is beauty; and please them.
disease is decay. One Sweet, brave Women dress young nowadays, too, woman recognized this fact when she and that helps to keep them young, found that she had an ailment, never Nobody laughs at a woman of fifty suspected by others, and which was who wears a hat: but if she takes to absolutely incurable.	caps she is likely to be considerably
I know it must kill me sometime,” jeered at. Nobody—except a few old-she said to one who loved her. "Noth- fashioned people living out of tho ing can change it; talking of it can world—think that a woman should give do no good. I shall try to forget it up wearing white after girlhood hai as much as possible and to keep others parsed. Nobody slinks into poke-bun* from guessing that it exists. I will net# and meek skirts and depressed make the best of the life that God has styles of wearing their hair the mo left to me to enjoy. Let us not speak merit they have passed thirty, of the matter again."	No; all this is changed, and the
She never mentioned it afterwards, phrase "old maidM seems pretty well but took life joyously, and met death dying out of the language. Only the smilingly. Her pain was a secret be- other day an anxious inquirer, whe tween God and herself.	wrote to a ladies' paper asking at what
age. she could be considered an old maid, was consolingly told she need not call herself one till she was fifty.
"When shall I be an old maid? asked a girl of an old gentleman.
" When men cease to take an interest in your society, my dear/ he answered ; " and when that happens depends altogether on yourself.”
So it is pleasing for any girl who ihnks an unmarried state a terrible thing to reflect that there is apparently now no age at which a woman may not be sought in marriage. We have had some famous examples of late of wom n wh > have married when theii contemporaries were grandmothers, and every year such instances become more frequent and less remarked.
Tbi.\ is blind practice. It is a frantic
to be
A meteorological station is years old, establi hed at New Denver, B. C.
The Kootenay district of tEe Method 1st church raised £ 15,000 last year.
endeavor to fit the animal to the land I exist in (trees 10 or more
instead of adapting the land to our re- they should be braced by me urs of an
Much damage may be avoid-
iron bolt i if bolts are used m season
quirements. It whirl» can be more profitably applied to filling the pail or m iking beef, mutton or pork. It is this same blind practice w he ill causes so much diversity of opinion and almost annually the changing of methods of cropping, cultivating and harvesting our crops, to try and fit thorn to the gradually, but surely, changing conditions of our lands. Throwing the blame on Providence and ascribing our difficulties to "climate changing" must stop somewhere, and the sooner the 1 letter. When fanners realize that they must study their soils and adopt means to restore them, at least to a condition of "virgin fertility,” mmy of the ingenious plms and contrivances which mike their lives miserable will pass into ancient history and the museum. I say that when farmers realize the true inwardness of manuring as the foundation of the whole agricultural structure we will not see the boys crowding to the cities and leaving the noblest and surest of all callings for the uncertainties of trade and commerce.
is wasting energy,
Throwing pa per on the streets is to be an indictable offence at Brock ville.
In the	... v
muskrats were killed during the season.
vicinity of Lindsay, 2,500
THF LIFE-TIME OF A NATION
%
It is evident to every reader of history that nations have what may bo Moncton, N. B., pays the secretary-called a life-period, at the end of treasurer of its school board #000 a which they decay. Half a century ago year, a French writer undertook to deter-, mine the average duration of national j	' ^
life, ana he arrived at the conclusion ‘
Judge Jones, of Brantford receives
allowance of #1,733,32 au-
\ John Collins, a Rowland miner, fell between 800 and 1,000 ^oo feet in one of the mines and was
Recently Dr. D. G. tiriniun killed.
that it was
year»
has taken up this inquiry in a scienti- A site fotr the Home for the rnend-lic spirit, and after pointing out what less has been purchased in Ottawa for m iy be desciibed as nuth mil diseases, ! #7,000.
based upon lack of proper food, misuse j An attempt ie being made to estab-of poisonous substances, misdilection	another telephone company in
of the mental and physical powers, | g^i^n.
hi eonclod»» that, barring scene deadly blow from without, which would correspond with a fatal accident in the case of an individual, there is reason why a nation might not prolong its existence indefinitely. But to do that it must be constantly wideawake and on guard against degen-
W. J. McCrea, a former resident of Belleville, died in Superior City, Wis-
etc
consin.
Orillia High school wants to be raised to the status of a Collegiate Institute.
Alexander Darrach has been appointed collecter of customs at St. T humas.
\V. C. Dacker has been elected president of the Manitoba Land Surveyors’ Association.
Owen Sound’s ^copulation has increased nearly 500, the population now being 8,305.
Noble Bros., of Killarney, have the Zoologists have long been in doubt contract for carrying the mails toMani-
to whether fishes are gifted with toulin Island.
\
no
;
e ration
( BIG STRING OF RIBBON.
Nearly 1,000,000,000 yards of ribbon of all shades and colors are consumed by the fair sex of the continent of Europe every year. Of this huge amount France alone takes nearly one-third, Frenchwomen being particularly prone to anything of a showy color Britain comes next, but a long way behind, with 30,000,001) yards, and the rest is divided principally between Spain, Italy, Germany and Belgium, and smaller principalities. Blue and the higher pinks and scarlet are at present the favorite shades.
Ml
We may inquire now what indica-
FISHF.S THINK.
<• * ' T?
TUI* I* ihe I'vnUiiMlra tome lo by a
arleuJtftl*
tions there are of the waning fertility through the described denudation of the phosphatic heart in the land 1 seem to lay stress on this want of phosphate without good and sufficient reaaoi 1 may well be condemned, but there are signs which he who runs m i) read, and those who desire to understand must throw away their smoked glasses and raise themselves to a
If
as
the faculty of remembering persons and
An effort will be made to mcorpor-Sorne claim that they ate the islands in Stony Lake into a
places or not
cannot remember, while Cher, insist	T- McMullen began the
40th year of his ministry in W oodstock on Sunday last.
Nelson and Rues land expect Do-public buildings to be erected
that they are endowed with memory, though possibly only in a limited do-The following story seems to
gree
jt show that the latter are right. A student of the Polytechnic School in Paris' there this year
higher pi.n; of thought, and the « guis» must lay aside his scepticisms gives me pleasure to be able to say
that 1 find most farmers thoughtful recently noticed that whenever he	..	.	.
and anxious for information on this	talked with some friends in the Lux-	cePte(1 lbe c®11r,to ,he	Baptl8t churcb*
subject, though naturally timid in ac-	emburg Gardens the fishes in the large	vancouver, B. L.
cepiing whit to them at first seems a	basins there regularly followed him as	Brantford Collegiate	Institute	Board
theory, but to that class of people who	%e strolled around the little ponds.	will spend $200 in purchasing	um-
doubt everything but their own exist- As the students never feed the fish- forms for cadets.
ence, and whom I choose to designate ^ and hardly pay any attention to F y Jeffry and J. O. Todd, two as egoists, I make no appeal.	j them, such conduct was inexplicable N	B. C., young men, were
The signs m< st noticeable are per- until it was solved by the gardener, drow ned recently haps, first, a hankering after bones whose duty it is to feed the fish. The 1 and rotten wood by the cows.	uniform worn by the students of the
We also know how unsatisfactory Polytechnic School is black, with red bonas are as a food for cows, and we stripes, and that worn by the gardener ask why do these animals whose stom- and other attendants is very similar-acb acids cannot dissolve bones make
FLOWER FOR SEALS
mmion
If you are artistically inclined a very
pretty and novel way of sealing your
letters is to form flowers with various
colors of wax, thus doing away with
the old fashioned monogram. Pansies
are very easily formed by first using violet wax, giving slight curves to the outer edges, and then white or yellow in the centre, twirling it around a few times to produce a decided pansy effect. Roses are easily made by using the different shades of pink. If the seal is brought *
WITHOUT HONOR.
You live next door to that distinguished pianist, don’t you, Simpson?
No; he lives next door to me, and he is distinguished in this neighborhood only for pounding his piano fifteen hoars a day.
Rev. W. B. Henson, Moncton, has ac-
I


THE MILKMAN’S MILK.
Mistress—Tell the milkman to bring us a pint of cream.	-
Maid—No use, mum. He hasn’t an)
cream
Did he say so?
No. mum; but his milk doesn’t raisi cream. I've tried it often.
West Ward school at Guelph ha» been closed until placed in a better sanitary condition.
.	. ..... __ .	....... The assessed value of Nelson, B. C.,
____|______ I	Now, evidently the fish thought that ! increased over half a million dollars
such frantic efforts to eat unnatural the students were gardeners, who had during the past year, food ?	•	1 come to supply them with food, ns in In Brantford there is a likelihood
Î will answer you in the Irishman's no other way can we account for their that street cars may be run on Sun-
question.	habit of following the students when-	day	to Mohawk Park.
----1 "*	ever they walked round the basins. We	j. Ferrier, of Edmonton, has
.	It	is largely	must conclude, therefore, that, what-	been appointed principal	to	the Bran-
The animal then	ever may be the case with other fish,	^on	Industrial School.
to a thin, sharp stem when finishing the effect will be greatly heightened.
>
EXTENUATING CIRCUMSTANCES
NOT THE ONLY FORM.
Very few people, she said, know hov to shake hands properly.
Well, he returned, somewhat expect antly, ihere are other forms of greet ing. you know.
Ha goaded me to desperation, your honor, before I assaulted him.
What did he do? asked the magistrate.
way. by asking another What is bonef And I see I must answer my own question.
phosphate of lime. ^ . I	.....	^
wants phosphoric acid, the a dive prin- those at least in the Luxembourg Gar-
Have you ever seen the der.s have an excellent memory. ,
He kept insisting that his make of wheel was superior to mine.
The Board of Works of Nelson, B. C.*
ciplf of bone
###PAGE###3###

y
/
<
A SERIOUS TIME.
tu the old man
p™dWag^ | ||l|i||i|||il __
¦
saisi
"My wife died some îea'l a*"' b*"	• l he ball which struck him down Lpeech. which had in it so much of as- üon that makes men great.—Ovid.	the Dr Williams' Medicine Co..
ESaafK =?	îESEE-EEE.- —
MÊSÈm
mmm ##«########## itum
mmms^mrnmmmrns
TERR,n,.R Puy,sn.VRXT.
Sh“ was still standing in the door, dead soldier's pocket, that it was fatb- impossible to rake him “long	token of her highest regard-regard m> windows, its walls are of cold, gen-
wsmssmm
i>r»r like those which used to be in amid the dead and dying, who had ki l	j could smoke a c<!i LI-whieh * nn <ho family forever.	are married.
•lam's dressing-room in Boston, when ed each other; but there was peace *«* “ Theee were the thing" w men Mary was alive, nor yet like the fairy I between the Confederate captain an- J s
A QUEBEC FARMER SUFFERED FOR NEARLY TEN YEARS.
•f Mrdlcal Trrnf nt*iit» •"<*
Tried llol Springe Wills Hill B< rrlwlng
•111#
Nail I lie
WllllninV Vlwk
1 was
<iie-
ves-
ed
'I am satisfied/* and kissed i he cold
hind which he. had won, and thought,
how implicitly ho would keep the
contract, even if it involved a
Davis himself
too
tic
giving up of Jefferson Into the enemy's hands.
îm-
1
it
POTATO CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
4'tirions Rrm i«ly <»f a» Irishman » I lie 4 oin pin I nt.
The
Among the many curiosities pulled out of an Iriitvn.in’a pocket one day vain search for a coin was a lit-
FAMOUS RINGS
car-
Pat exclaimed.
father. Miss Do Vere ? Union prison- fen ers. I mean f**

an
A GIRL FAMINE.
is suffering from a 'girl

###PAGE###4###

SH AWVILLE
Meat Market.
will lmve two member», or a member fur
about hi,000 inhabitant#.
Sir Wilfrid Laurier waa asked whether
1
in? v, in two or three const im hserve the township
The Gquity.
Specialties for this Week :
l
1
the
SHAWVILLE, MAY 25, 1899.
I
would
tmcie.».	¦
boundaiiea, but he said he had not cun side tv il that imp >rtant phase of the eub
The Huntil gdou Gleaner (Lib.) complains of the 11 aimer in which thegovern- I joe* ment is r inning the country into debt, ' and refer» to Hon. Mr. Fielding » budget P°'(
speech as a mere " juggling of tinances, ’	, -o- -	. .	, .	,
Well, the country has r«> accept it in the in‘	lki0 municipal boundary pun
ggmW	viplv	«
it would Le desirable to have more Grit members returned from a strong Ovit county the Judges will be unlervd to dir-
CHOICE FltESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Wanted !
it briefly, the government pro t anv constituencies where a
in the Liberal interest
pu
en
change is désira bn
LAOS CURTAILS
jugular win.—vita va vitizni
from 25c n pair to $1.60.
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, 1 respectfully solicit à continuance of the same.
The Ontario Government are determined not to allow Americans to get any . . saw log». It was reported lately that Am- l' 1 ir encan lumbermen had boon defying tin
law this spring and rafting them to Mich I jt ha8 been officially intimated that I .	.	- Einmnn
gan. An investigation has just been | therj wln be no insolvency legislation fl I H A N N T il K U completed by order of the authorities, ^ gession of parliament. Devising ¦”	¦ ¦niii#s wses#|
and it is proposed to have customs officers meatia for tiie greatest expenditure that	f)U ATAOD A DU CD
sworn m as magistrates to deal with in* jmi ^en docs not leave the Government	rllU I UunnrnCD,
fringemente of the law, which provides much time to devote to mere mercantile1	7
that no saw logs shall bo exported from J wants.—Montreal Gazette.
Ontario
J. O. McGUIRE.
ANY QUANTITY
STRAW HATS.
Our coarse Straws aro finer than ever.
OF
Wool,
On Monday, May 1st, wo received our second lot of Men's Felt Hats. The great sale of our first consignment encourage us to anticipate like results from this lot.
WILL BE AT THE
Pontiac House Gallery FIRST FRIDAY
tiring moderator. Ho will preach the ' on* A annual sermon on June 14, and the assembly will remain in session ten days.
R»v. Dr
Hamilton Presbytery as the new mod erator.
Butter,
O
Eggs.
gjp" Remember the Dates.
A. L. HANDFORD.
11,000 Voters Registered
Wo have also placed in stock six dozen black straw dry. Butter preferred in .HI | Sailor Hats, which we l^ave
marked at 25 cents and 30 cents each. Other stores arc asking 50 cts. for these goods.
Fletcher will be noznimted by
Wool must l>e clean and
Winnipeg. May 17.—The registration of voters on the new Manitoba election lists closed yesterday. It is estimated The Liberal newspapers throughout the I that over 11,01*0 names have been régis-country have boon referring to the Mon tered on the lists for the three Winnipeg treat Daily Star of late as the “ organ of] divisions, which will be used at the np-the Conservative party," in view of which the Star rises to remark that it
allegiance to any political party, except | the correction of the lists, in so far as that party's policy entitles it to support by reason of its merit." It states further u that in dealing with political matter susceptible of being colored to serve partisan ends, correspondents are hereby requested to l>e scrupulously fair, exact and painstaking; to draw no mit-leading inferences, to make no rash fore-
An Earthquake
Always creates a lot of excitement.
XT.S ”d a.K I pound tubs, but any size of
of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
bye • elections.
preaching Dominion
owes no I Courts of revision will now be held for
4 •
good clean paokage taken.
Highest Prices
Paid.
Settlers From Dakota
The Farmer
Early Closing.
A LAUtiE NUMBER LEAVE TO TAKE UP LAND IN MANITOBA.
will find us prepared to supply his every need, he requires from a plough to a suit
of clothes.
After May 15th our store
will he closed at 0 o’clock at (5
T XT Oil A TTT I o’clock, p. m., except Satur-U, XI. 0X1X3. W . jayS Our customers will
please bear this in mind.
We have everything
Winnipeg, May 17 — A large party of
. A . . .	. ..	, settlers from the Huttensche Society near
ctiats. tu indulge m no mihrupresonbUions; Yankton> Sullth Dlkota, iett by .peoial
s, s»» |
necessities was ne\er so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfo. table.
our
The Bank Street Bridge project, which was killed last year by the railway committee of the House of Commons, met with a second death at the hands cf the same body last week, by a vote of 72 to 3ü. The company who were prepared to construct the bridge, were not looking for any bonuses or other considerations
from parliament or the city of Ottawa , N R v„rmiel, general auue beyond he mere privilege of bu. ding a j forest fire ^ of QueVec, who ie in bridge at the point indicated, yet the in- th ci state!ftlmt a de!ll is hanging tire fluence, which were at the command of , which several wealthy New Yotkeral
17CtZt& to d SILAS Y0TO3
jurity of the Council and the majority of | ‘'JJ'7iu"lTlreeted^X^dubI CS^Starkô’S COMlGrS
*>rt>^	*	• unusually lam influx of Americans in
the month of July and August. He has received communications from New m,	..	....	. ,	, , York, Missouri, Ohio, and several other
t -i 61d«tril,ut,,m proiiaseil by the | states regarding the advantages this dis-
l	,mX eminent in the bpeech from I £rict possesses for the pleasure seeker,
the Throne, was sprung upon the House
on Friday last by the Premier, in the
absence of Mr. Mulock, who, it was
expected, would guide the tneaeu e
through the breakers of the House of I The Ottawa Cheese and Butter Board Commons. Commenting on the bill, met last Friday for the first time this sca-(which we have not yet seen) the Ottawa 1 son. From the Citizm we glean the fol-Citizen says :—	I lowing particulars of the day’s traneac-
The measure was in the guise of a tiens : wolf in sheep's clothing, but the critics of Mr. J. P. Burke, the newly appointed the opposition speedily exposed the true secretary, acted as auctioneer, and sue-nature of the bill.	ceeded in disposing of everything that
It professed to adopt the principle of ad- was offered. The number of boxes of liering to the municipal lnmndriesa of cheese offered yesterday was 370, in com-cities and counties and of leaving the details of the arrangement of the changes decided upon to a board of judges. The latter is put forward as an alleged evidence of the desire of the government to surrender the distribution to the courts, but the transparency of this profession was at once apparent when the bill was considered.
E. SODGINS & SONS
Want a Came Preserve in Pontiac
i
Last Thursday’s Citizen contained the following item : The ‘great attractions
the Ottawa Valley holds from a sports-.	-	¦
man’s point, of view are being rapidly J | fl COIlC IU SI OH y recognized by our American cousins. Mr.
.•rintendenfc of
Pasturage.
PLANING,
_____	! MATCH! N C
removal ! s DRESSINGlm ill electric ce.
NOW DONE AT
Suffice it to say wc have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.
I desire to inform parties requiring pasturage, that I will be prepared to supply tbo same at the following rates Year old cattle, 40 cents per month.
Aged cattle, 50 cents "
Ho»es, terms made known on application.
RO HT. HARRIS,
Lot No. 20, 2nd Range,
Ciarend
April is:b,l^90
on

Tho Distribution Sill
Having removed my stock
to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. James McCredie, I wish to inform old customers and the public generally that I will be found in the new stand with a choice stock of—\
Cars run at intervals of twenty minute» In the morning and diteen minutes in the after noon, dally, Sundays included.	->•

\
SHAWVILLE.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Panifie and Gatineau Valley traîna al Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
Ottawa CHeese Board
We wish to inform the public that having just added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply all demands for rough and dressed lumber.
A Quantity of
SEASONABLE FRUIT,
CONFECTIENARY, and
STAPLE GROCERIES.
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas
t
The Celebrated . • .
D. WILSON,
0

f f
NORTH WEST
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, - QUE. Logs and Shingle Wood
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
Still Required.
parison with 205, an increase of 114, on the initial day last year. Yesterday’s offerings included 175 boxes cf white cheese and 104 bt'xes of colored cheese.
A number of new factories hive just joined the bond, and a Vir/ good season's operations are anticipated. The | ^ record of the day’s transaction is as fol» lows .
Mill Property For
Sale.
ELLIOTT & BARBEE.
Shaw ville, January 24, 18‘.Ki
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
HE UNDERSIGNED offer* for sale hlsi M j _ saw mill plant, consisting of Circu- fiA lar, saw Butter and Provender Grinder, run y VU by a portable engine of 25 ti> SO H. P.« all in |
In the first place, the government Rideau Valley Factory, J. Dix >n, pro-1 %@#n In^opeKuôn*on*Mr. fame#Hofi&n*'IA	15T5
r&'Mèr""”'' ““ “ u"'i' |	DA±dB «BOS.
r '
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to say that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
< \
the (irit shibboleth since con federation. Cobbs lace factory, S Doulette, pro That is totally disregarded. Sir Richard prietor. 27 white, sold to Lovell & Christ-Cartwright tried to defend this by saying | mas, 9 3-8 cents.
that the representation by population ar- >	875 factory, S. Ouelette, proprietor, | province of Quebec. \
gument referred only to the number of 45 white, sold to Hodson Bros., 9 3-8 j District of Pontiac, t
representatives per province,	ria-
grant is the departure from any to carry out the principle of
tation by population in the proposed 9 cents.	I xrOTTCE Is hereby given that I, GERALD
gerrymander of constituencies, that any	Diiay, 4, J. Stevenson,	proprietor, 20	I	^ H. BRADAZ)N, of Portage du Fort
other defence of the measure on that	white, sold to Lovell & Christmas 9 3-8	j	{^'ap twined titrai or to^he Estate wnd
score would l>e impossible.	cents.	Buccession of the late John Bryson, accepted
As fur the proposal in the hill to make Thuno, 1, F. R E1 wards proprietor,	ap^l'nTment made™
a show of fairness by having the de-	24 white, sold to L n ell	& Christmas,	the advice of the relatives and creditors of
tails of the division to the judges, it is	9 3-8 cents.	the said late John Bryso \ ratified and coo-
the merest hollow sham. The ern- Jock vale, 0. Madden, proprietor, 30 j nr‘j‘l by 1 e ln! ODO ürjr ° 116 88
Glengyle, April 25. '99.
For anything and thing in the line of. -.
Tinware,

every-
Stoves, | Other Styles.
In tie Sojerior Coirt,
attempt C-iSsehnan No. I, 0. Queenville, pro- , ropresen- prietor, 32 colored, sold to Hudson Bros.,
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
>
R. J. BLACK,
<
AGENT,
Jobbing and
Repairing
S.—Lowest Prices.
ment proposes to decide tho principle on colored, sold to Lovell & Christmas, which the carving is to be done, and then 9 1 Id cents, leave to the commission of judges the duty Stonebrook, 1, Tucker Bros., proprie-1 Province Qf Quebec, ( of putting if into effect. In addition to tors, 21 white, Lovell & Christmas, 9 3-8 | District of Pontiac! I that, the government selects constituen- cents.
cies in,connection with which it will put Leonard Factory, J. H. Moll *y pro the “municipal boundary principle in prietor, 14 white, sold to Hodson Bros force and the bill specifies them. Of 9 3-8 cents, course, where it is advantageous to adopt the principle it is adopted, and where the end will be served by leaving them as cents.
they are, they are left as they are. For Daisy, C. Hardy, proprietor, 45 white, instance, in connection with Toronto, sold to D. Muir, 9 1-2 cents, which has four members, the portions in Ottawa Valley, 1, J. V. Thievergo preEast and West York for electoral pur prietor, 20 white, sold to Hodson Bros., poses are added to the city, which will 9 3 8 cents.
have a member for every 50,000 inhabi- Everetts. 1, M. Everetts, proprietor, 30 tan s. On the other hand, the county of colored, sold to Lovell and Christmas,
Brant, including the city of Brantford, 91-10 cents
<
<
Farm and Stock for Sale.
/
Id lie Sprier Coer!.
mill promptly GX- I I offer for «ale thi* North East quarter of
ecuted at low prices. MU*, Mî Good workmanship guar- &	viïï'ïiï
fintppfl	Mumped and in good mate of cultivation,
auiciu.	T,he Premises are well watered, a creek ruu-
' nlng through it.	y
DALE BROS. liSSSH^K
SHAWVILLE, QUE j cS'r^riïfon olfBh‘i*ïmft°rr‘CUlUe
- Highest Prices
tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts I	K
and Eggs.	»..„lpp„ totAeoww.
• I
No. 387.	g g	.	¦
ALEXANDER ERASED. Lumberman, of tbe City of Ottawa, In the Province of Ontario,	Plaintiff,
m
Independent, T. Brown, proprietor, 30 white, sold to Hod sun Bros
9 5-10
• I
vu.
EDWARD MONK and 8 A MITEL MONK, heretofore both of tho Township 0/ Allumette Island, In the County and District of Pontiac, In the Province of Quebec, and now of parts unknown.
Defendants.
r. S.
The Defendants are ordered to appear within one month.
Bryson, 1st May, 189».
C. B ARSALOU, P. 8. C
E. T. HODOIN9,
8b aw ville, Que,

###PAGE###5###


A young man named Ward Leavitt, Sore!, May ID.—Colbert Olivier, „ Ii vmg two miles from Caledonia Springe, United States army pensioner of the civil was found dead in the house on Thun* war brutally murdered his wife hero this day, on tho return of his mother and half morning. After committing the deed, brother from \ ankleek Hill. Ue Led Olivier locked the house and proceeded been shot supposedly by accident.	to the priest's house and informed him of
I	the tragedy. Afterwards giving himself
4 OENTS WaNTI b Full “Fin :,iki: up to the police. The victim ii hisHH
Dewey?” lU,01'wr0erTu";U greele.t A"nav2! ond wifJ' ‘‘‘W fLa.vi"« b?.en ,narrjed ¦ hero. By Murat ihiistssd, the lifelong year and separated three times, and had
frleud and admirer of the nation's Idol. Ill «a- just recently come together again.
fnohe.^noarly !to>pe£Fbslf0tou2,1'loitre“ mar,led lifd beillK lnr,»t unhappy. The lions. Only	kuormoos demand. Dig room showed signs of a great struggle.
uîïïlm.U,0Wrlfou1?i. The Domîmoa CoV I The murderer »0«r commuting the crime paiiy, 3rd Floor Vax ton Bldg .Chicago.


If it/jfnd we pa g particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
Our past achievements have been great.
Beit)" spurred on by success
purpose for Spring of 180!» to lead the van in—
eve

Their

covered the half-naked body with a large Union Jack.	#
Our lines in
are now complete, and we invite a careful inspection :................
the following Departments
we
BONUS TAX.
Hurled High la the Air
You are required tofpny me your bonus la* on or before the first of June.
J. K. HUHNER.
Aeoy "Trew*.
High-Class Tailoring.
Iho most fastidious young man can always be suited in
„ one of Frame’s Suits.
The distinctive elegance of our style asserts itself as ex» ceptionally exclusive.
CHAS. FRAME,
FIVE TAIfjOKIXti
Opposite Bant, • - stawriile.
UNKNOWN MAN PHOJKCTKUINTO TELE GRAPH W1BK8 BY A TRAIN.
Foreign and Domestic Dross Goods and Silks.
Household Linens of every Descrip tion.
An exceptionally strong line Tapestry Carpets.
Handkerchiefs and White Goods.
Hosiery, Underwear, Wrappers, Blouses, Belts and Buckle?.
Highland Fallu, N. Y., May I * unknown man, presumably on his way to New York, on foot, was killed by a West Shore train at Fort Montgomery at 9 o’clock on Saturday morning. The holy was hurled high into the air and one of the victim's legs became entangled in the egraph wires, the l>ody swinging there until removed by tho coroner.
An
tel
oz
? Horrible Crime
NEGRO WOMAN BRUTALLY BURNED HER
CHILDREN.
NOTICE
By order of the County Master the officers Atlanta, Ga., May 10.— Winnie Roach,
fo	• mull.tto »oT cm. ne»r being
here on Wednesday, the 14th day of June lynched by a mob of negroes lait night, next, at the hour of one ¦o'clock, p. m.	The crime withwhich sheand her husband
Shawvllle, May anh, ls*9.	‘	| were charged waa brutally burning their
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦gfour children nearly to death by igniting
paper saturated with kerosene, with which their bodies had been wrapped. One of the children had all the flesh burned from her legs in several places and will die. The other three are badlv burned.
?
f
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shaxmlle
81811 and DOCK
tessrh E-iEEr "5-8855
A house well papered in as cheery as the peep of the on a cloudy day.	1
BUSINESS
OPENING.
FACTORT.
sun
— ALL KINDS 'F —
WALL PAPER.
interior $ Eilerior
We take pleasure in stating to the public that the | Cflcifcl F.C3il§XlC6 Of Lt." @07022101 Of
British Columbia Destroy el
buelncaj we have opened at
FINISH FOR
Houses Sc Verandahs
MANCFAOtCilEP.
UPPER THORNE CENTRE
We can interest
havmcy of eo,o,
Victoria, B. C., May ID nut yesterday morning at 8 o’clock in will be continue ! until notice is given through these I Government House, known ts Carey columns of our Intention of selling out' (Castle, and by ten o'clock the entire
structure was a man of rum»* The buildings are ou au, eminence command- !
EGGS, BUTTER, BIDES Mi TOOL |
fresh sea breeze which was blowing.
ETOFFES, FLANNELS A TARNS.	| Water facilities were poor and the fire* j
which we offer in exchange for wool, men could do very little but stand by and j We a»k a ean-ful examination of our stock before endeavor to save the shrubbery and trees soiling yetir Wool elsewhere.	A great deal of furniture and the effects
"f U. Governor Mclnnse were eared,	B
though hu mourns the loss of a large num- BXCept Saturday, her of valuable pictures, and Mrs. Me • limes lost a quantity of jewellery. The building was an old	val•
Ê?o HSibl#tfi,120:°00, ,uu! 'TT! fov ,Tte St- Itegi. Indian, a» to be rele«- ,	A -,	„
ritri The MoneySome
' Th.e.„S,„M! Men Make.
killed by an express train at Hertfordshire, England,	¦¦	¦	¦
Fire broke
doom, HASH, NEWEL POSTs, DRESSED
LIMBER, &c. Act,
Kept in stock an l made to order.
Ll MDElt DRESSED AT PCPVLAP.PRICES
-GOOD PRICES FOR-
I
; the g. p. hodgins
t
Call and sen our stock of
McCEEDIES HODGINS.
Departmental Store.
Estimates farnisLtd.
O
P S.—Please remember
store closes at 6
every evening
CASH PAID FOR PROCUCE
Cheap Sale for the next Ten Days
McMim & ABBOTT,
OR THE SION OF THE RED FLAG,
UPPER THORNE CENTRE.
i
)
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
For the
Clsreadoa School Commissioners
Wedday, 17th you driving at 'the,'/diyafyoj "eer., to
ba on the jump all the tun* and walk
!”°*yfj y°u important business on hand.
KEEPS
« «Eî.ECT HTOVK OF
watches,
clocks,
JEWELLERY.
HlLVEftWAitfi
Ac.
are
on
mat
Spring Trade.
Shawville, 18th May, 1899.
Board of School Commiaaionera of
Iggiggifi
*'( laat meeting read.	0,1 account of the many recent bank
Moved by W. C. McDuwell, seconded ru'r ~>e.,.lL'a» jb stated banking tirma may by Robert Smart, that the minutes of u.nl* edv afch' the government for a system laat meeting as now read be and are here- ot Pol ce protection in small towns.
Mike it a point to leave your order early. | *Pplica»t echooi teachers will be received lightning on Wednesday of “last week ^ Sevomi, Man ; “ I have taken a book
not later than the 10th day of June; that	f “““ wee‘- agency from Thk BKaBLKv-GARKCTsov
the examination of the application, by the Sir George Albert Larpent, colonel of Co., (Limited) of Brantford, Ont They commissionerstake place on the 17th day the 8»ih Connaught Hangers and com have been at me for month, to canvass of June, and the general engagement of mander of the Bedfordshire regimental but I laughed at the idea and at last teacher8 take place un the 20.h day of district, shot himself on Wednesday laat. they made mo a good offer, so I thought June, at lOof the clock, a. m., on which His widow is a former Toronto lady. I’d give it a trial. I have been at The
“4Carta,|MJ-J-g'ftrS1T3	'“•M*-'»
been paying fees are to pay for their	, iri %t alJl^ Ras successfully re- vertisement of this firm yesterday, for
children for the present year only and e *	more men.
that they are hereby exempt from paying	Julius Plath, a Wilberforce young man ; Sf, vr Mis:
1 buggiesEESraBS
expected daily.	| See. Treasurer will charge the exemption,	the news a few days ago	of hie tragic	First	Min	:	“ Thanks	old	mar	I
to tlie district Î.O. 3.-camed	death, fhe murderer has been found '	will,	and	I'll let you know	how	it	terns
Moved by Thomas Prendergaat second- and will be prosecuted.	—w	m m
ed by James C. Armstrong that the foi- T	,	_	#
lowing persons be and are hereby ap-	, ,jac,illea and Josephine	Boileau have
il	Qh$)Wvillp	I pointed to point out the spots on which	J5®1*1* committed to stand	their trial at
-OllUinrvmt;. Uhe respective school sheds are to be built,	Î-® «all assizes in June.	Boileau and
--------------------| ga fcl|owa .	g, James P. Carson ; ,wlfti cor,tinue to bear up wonderfully picked UP in a bottle on the coast of
Valuable Property |	, TT
12, Benjamin Workman ; No. 13, Wm. C. Jal1,	I ^eith„ Scotland, May 18.—The Nor
McDowell.—Carried.	Owing to the refusal of the French w®S,an ahlP V iking has brought news of
Valuable Farm Property for nale. being the I Moved by Robert Smart seconded by	Senate to vote the bill providing increas	a letter written by	Prof. Andrce,	which
fh. Founh°R«geNôr OUr«odon^?t*mi°S I W- C. McDowell that this board recoo-	fà pay for postmen about 800 of the lat-	in APri‘	'lear
fifty acre», more or les#, all cleared, In an ex- mend that a school meeting be held in	*er refused to go to work on Wednesday,	.,v , aLn®' t‘le northeast coast of	Ice-
c©1 lent state of cultlvatlon and weH wateretl. elch school district ^lativa to the engage-	an(^ aa * result there was no mail deliver-	an^* *L/a”uer	named Johann	Mag-
house, stsbVes, Hbeds and other outbuildings8 I ment of teacher and that the result of Û* the city of Paris that day.	nussen. The letter was then in a bottle
No. 13, W. C. McDowell ; No. 14, D. B	Buffilo, N Y May 19.-A special de- Andree . letter
Stevenson	ipatch from Washington says : To
Moved by Robert Smart seconded by eerve Pe,ce an-d in Alaska,
Thoa. Prendergaat that the Sec.-Treaaurcr Pr8Ve“t a cor,fllct be'w=en American and be and is hereby instructed to settle with radian miners which may injure the James Wilson for hts mill property ne K°od gelations existing between the l nit-cording to the valuation of 1895.—Car- ®d Mate8 and Great Britain, orders have
been issued by Secretary Alger under
which three companies of infantry will be sent immediately ts that territory.
Second Man : » W.ll, the Let i., Jack.
» little prosperity pun the drive in a man. 1 hare struck a position at last, after a year of hard luck, which first-rate.”
' zf

SAMPLES OF TibddVivINDS OF

I? epa n«V' J—
Ai»>x/Ai.irY
is panning out
SBWILLE, I
THE
LATEST
IMPROVED
FlR.iT MAN
"el, that’s your luck, for I am doing mighty little these days. But what have you struck ? "
son
now on hand for inspection.

PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
ALSO A STOCK OF
Write for onr interesting books “ friren*-or% Help " and “How you are swindled. Send n» a rough sketch or model of yvur invention or improvement and we vr ill tell you free our opinion as to whether it i<§ prolu-bly r atentable. Wc make a specialty of applications rejected in other h«usl* Highest reference» furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Civil A ST'chantcal Finxlueer*. Graduate of th® ro’.yterhnic School of Ensfluvorio»;. liachf*i.»r« in AppMvd Svteoc*» Laval University. Member* Uatent Law A«»oclatiow American Water Worts Association. Nit/ EnaUisd Water Works Assoc. J |\ t). Huivi‘>-nra Aesoviadwti, Assoc. Member Cau. > Society of Civil EugiBovrs.	)
f NEW YC8X LIFE 3TD C , MONTREAL C*«. \ i ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D.C. (
Expresses,
Waggons,
and a carload of
CARRIAGES
: “ f don’t see why you write and get them to
OFFICES
A. SMILEY
out
5

Lstter From Anlro.
#*#
• ••
i ; Stevens Ri fle5

are guaranteed to be
SAFE, SOLID, ACCURATE,
? 4
? 4
? 4
? 4
, 4
» 4
' ! From tlie
or H.MATHE30N
Shawville, Que
» «	$6.00 “ Favorite M
*	! to our most expensive “Ideal.”
*	f	------
; J The " IDEAL " No. 44 is a fine rifle.
; « OXC OF OtR LEADERS, price only $10. ! ! VVe guarantee it in every respect. Xotb-J J lag cheap about it but the price.
*	« Made regularly In .22, .33 and .32 cal-V Ibre rlin-fire. .23-20 8TKVKÎN9, .33-10, ^ .34-53 and. 41-10 ceater-flre.
I IN SPECIAL SIZES, $12.00.
A	Stnd stamp for com file ft Catalog and
Z»	Hand Book,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
To buy well, watch l he latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Geeds Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
—	_ Ramnlem Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO„ Limited
re-1
dp
to,
an
A ?„33iâ5aco fsr Eairsy
Nu>'. ^ 01 k, May 14,—Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Frank A. Vaudur ip has consented to act as chairman of a national committee to provide a residence in Washington for Admiral Dewey.
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL GO.,
ried.
P 0. Box
CHICOPEE PALLS, MASS,
At this juncture the board dispersed.
H. Mathftox, Sec.-Tieas.
j
c

###PAGE###6###
f
him, and jiulft
31. Take
i according
I h»'*»	#< L iu	to
If men OOUld ec‘’ ' aK°' '"V* ter “ked ’ onTh.* HuciLa him
m ¦¦¦¦¦ I	N«‘w ¦_ ¦_ I ¦ ¦	¦
end lion> uud retort. If you are not taund
to review the evidence before urn. why biiiiK your prwouvr to me f If youi law is independent of Home, go on and execute It." The Jew# therefore mid unto him. It ta not lawful for ua to put tm> man to death. A mortifying oonfesMiou—Home had snatched a way their legal power ; an equally era ha r-raasing confession waa that the only
cited, and 1 laid down on the sand to
llut 1 soon became juat
pull of the world
your tninagi eaaiuns you would be rid-I train
died with the shot of their indigna- Hiver lia il road, on a bridge n'1'1 lion; but God aeea all your min, from Hamburgh. Why they did nu« »\ the fuel to the last, and yet lie it bnok lanterns to warn the advan mk ready to throw over you the broadest train. 1 do not know. Hm t Iv iv « "in benediction. O, that poor distraught the buffalo express like l'gh |img. sml, it is struggling tbrouh every- clan*, and roar, and thunder, Hirougn thing. It is climbing over everything, the darkness. The rivet <*iie .**»• '*•
It is pressing on toward the cross. It and rocks on the other. Coming is full set for heaven. This la to be up the engineer, siw tin t he hour for the redemption of He rod a, I t h' bridge. V hat »hatl hm
811
îl»m a house. What	can	T do for	'this	sacrifice, t h *	more stu|»endous martyr-	effe t in many	links, involving deci-
Phy-ici.an that has cured	my	leprosy."	dam of the	Sm of	Cod. Doc4 your	mons »y aoany	minds who had no
No they go on; only	one	of	the	ten	|	soul t hi ill with i he	story? Have you	knowledge oi o	n>i dr ration of Jesus.
mm	||	mniveJL this	And yet—though	through all the com-
plications of Human and Jewish gov-ei nm lit this divine purpose run—each actor bud an unfettered free will.
38. Pilate entered into the judgment hall again. Away from the howls of the crowd. Called Jesus, and said unto him. Pilate desired to have a calm conversation with this man, whose lofty behavior puzzle! him. Art thou the. King of the Jew si Woids which m ly mean either. Art thou the mm who is said to be the with violence Jewish king! or, Dost thou claim the
title? Such a claim might he expected to call forth all the i>at riotic fanaticism of his misgoverned countrymen. If Jeaus really claimed to be hereditary King of the Jews, why did no: the crowds follow him as tbuy had heretofore followed every such claim, a nit Pilate probably expected a neg->11. Siyest thou this thing of thy self, or did others tell it thee of m* 1 Have you read prophecies of the coining King? or have you heard of sedition fodered by me? or are you simply rope it ing a baseless charge? Do you get your information from your own observation or your own police, or from politicians and mad bigots? Observe me; am I a re1beI, or a lunatic, <>r a maligned man ? Strange, indeed, and contrary to all experiences of the past, for Jews to clamor for the death of a rebel against Home?
3>. Am l a Jew ? Cm you expect mi to understand the minutia of your despicable religion ? 1 bine own nation, not mine, and the chief priests have delivered thee. They constantly rerout the control of foreigners, but they ask me to put you to death for objcct-ing to
had their official residence on the west- done #
the throne bus come into conflict with these chronic grumblers against Home? In short, 1 do not say this thing of myself, hut others make the charge.
3»‘>. Jesus answered in substance that he is universally misapprehended. Royalty is emphasized in this verse—my kingdom. Hut the kihgdum is not of this world. Its mystery and state, its army and navy, its treasury, are not to he maintained like those of Israel or Home. Its lafws are such as "this world" cannot understand. Servants means "officers." Our Lord’s kingdom is not to have geographical boundaries ; it is mu empire of human hearts. Even then, and in Jerusalem, were hundreds, doubtless thousands, of faithful followers of Jesus ; but he had taught them not to fight. Now is my kingdom not from hence. It does not rest on Jewish popularity, but transcends human ideas.
37. Art thou a king then? So, then, after nil, thou art a king? What sort of a king, if no rival to Caesar 1 Thou sa y est that 1 am a king. Thii is probably an affirmative, meaning, "I am." Hut the director meaning oi the phrase is preferred by many scholars—You say I am a king, but I came into this world with am entirely different mission from that of any earthly king. oT this end was I born. As a child, in Hethlehetfu. for this cause came I into the world. Down from the glories of heaven. That 1 should hear witness unto the truth. The thoughts of CJod. which the world by wisdom could not reach. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. Here, then, are the boundaries of our Lord » empire. Obedience in the true Christendom. Whoever is op n to the truth is inevitably governed by the Christly teachings. This is not a matter of creed m^re'y; all h< n°st searchers after the truth of life shall find it through Christ.
It* What is truth? “'Whit is truth?'' said jesting Pilate, and did not
Pilate's tongue m*ant
W hat has
to your Law, he word» uf
CM THE TEN LEPERS
watch them as much excited as they were, and I took hold of the rope and pulled with all my might as the captain cried: "Every man, now, pull I ' and we all shouted together ah the net came up into the surf, and we saw it throbbing with marine life, the fins flapping in the sea
into the carts, I said to the captain "How many dot you chf"
I think fifty thousand/*
Good
i
DR. TiLMAGE SPEAKS ABOUT THE UNGRATEFUL NINE-TENTHS.
close
the Wholesale l ure of the «ionpel In •uflirleBcy of iHllh-rMilu* lor llama. Soul»— irlloui of Keople Aller « hrl*t ¦lu> HI vised Them—The IM. I me* the l unieverled to 1 «nue la ImhI.
After they hid teen thrown
wreck on
dot
Well,"
he maid
Then 1 said within my soul Lord why may we not hive a large haul of souls next Sabbath-day?’ Why go angling with a hook fur one solitary fish when the sea is red with whole shoals of them ? Why put so much care upon one leper when there mo ten men g mailing with horrible dis-
i ntegran nf that was in Pentecostal Day compared witk what we might Inve here, if
W ho
A despatch from Washington says:— Rev. Ur. Tallin g e pmiehvd from the
Were there not ten
following text ole,iused ? but w hore are the nine (
—Luke xvii. 17.
If ten tigers h id sprung out at Jesus Christ as Lie went through an Eastern village, the spectacle could not have
frightful than when ten
kxithaoiuts and dying men surrounded Him, though at considerable distance. Their hands and their feet were hor-
Their breath
une
O what a tame scene
only had the faith to ask it
Christ to-night f
we
been move
will come out foi Shall it he a tenth of this audience, shall it he ten-tenthsf Shall it he a fragment, or shall it he all f Men of God, get the lever of your prayers under this weight. Fishermen for souls, "l «v h< Id! every man!" Soldiers of Jesus Christ, advance to the storming of the castle. Unconditional surrender for Christ. If in 1 he village of the text Christ saved all His audience from leprosy, why m «y He not to-night save all this audience from sin' There are a thousand souls unsaved is another thousand s mis unsaved Great God Î give in night "Were there n >t ten clean edf ' and ten were all.
riblo with corruption was destruction to any one who
They hot the leprosy
within reach Now, when a leper walks, whether lie goes northward or southward, or eastward or westward, he is going all the
If there had been
ume to his grave only one such case, that would have been appalling ; hut here is a uiulti-
There
ill these souls to
plication of wretchedness, an aggregative of miseries, a climax of horror. Two, four, six, eight, ten lepers. The healthy Christ standing as a centre in a periphery of ulcer and abscess 1 " Well," you say : “Here is enough to employ a whole college of surgeons. Let each of these desperate and confirmed invalids have a separate doctor assigned to him." Ah, no. Here is a physician who can cure ten as well as one. Christ commands those ten men to go up to the iemple at Jerusalem. and show themselves for inspection to the health officers. i hey start to go, and no sooner are they started than the lethargy begins to go out of their limbs, and the faintness out of their head, and the matteration sloughs off, and the coated tongue is 3 lea red, and the pulse is quieted from ninety to seventy, x'ud one man looks at his foot, and sees that from toe to heel the skin is fair; and he looks at his hand, and sees from wrist to nail 1 he flesh is roseate ; and he cries: "See, 1 am all well 1" So cry five of tlwrn; so cry all the ten lepers. Well, they go on toward the city of Jerusalem to submit themselves to the inspection of the health officer. They are talking how well and grandly they feel after such long depression of body and soul, when suddenly one of their number breaks ranks and turns back. What is the matter with him ?
No | no tears to weep to-night
Have y»n nO antiphon to hunt in his worship? Have
See, further, in this subject, those who m ike the tende est expression of gratitude are the last people thit you expect. Who is that man breaking ranks and turning back, and
leaving thi on f Who is he? 1 ran tell by the color of his skin, and by the contour of his nose, i.i no!
Samaritan
t hit
turns hi ok to give God the glory wonder I hit while Jesus lovingly nc-| Christ? know lodged Ih* grateful behaviour of
the one min H* flung His disnpprobn-1 recognition of this HH IH tion nnd indignation at ill the rest, height of redeeming nvrcyf O! you crying; "Were there not ten cleansed? nine lepers, come to-night and kneel hut where are the nine?" Well, it is at the feet of Him to whom you owe just so now; in nil the Churches there nil homage and affection. Speak out I is n great	number of	ingrates who	speak	out, if your	tongue he not al-
htve been	charged by	the grace of	ready	palsied with	the .second death.
Hoi, who	have been	cured of the	Who	will be for	Christ to-night?
leprosy, but have never	dared to say	Fling	your lost and undone soul at
Privately ask them: "Do you love the feet of Him who cured the ten lh ' Lord Jesus Christ?" "Yes/’ Pri- lepers. Hre.ik away vately sav to them: "If you were lo die from everything that hinders you. to-night vivre would you go to?" "To [f anyone stands in your way, and he Is it i* s- heaven " P lvatelv say to them: "Have will not at your command stand aside. So it w.ia then: So you been cured of your spiritual dis- then run over him for this is the ino-| HHThe people who como into eases?" They would say: "Yes. I think ment when you are to escape hell the Kingdom of God are about the l ist f have." Publicly tlvy have never md win heaven. I heard something people you ever expect to c me. I lie said anything about it. When com- snap. jXVaa it the soul’s shackle, or people in this audience who will he munion-day arrives, here and there one was it th* fastening of the lock of saved to-night will not. be so much r mes back, and in the presence of|t^e door of a closed heaven? those who have been brought up by m*n, angels, and devils espouses the Christian parents, fur they are going cuise of Christ pu til ici v. but the rest to hell under the weight of superior go the other way. So that every opportunities unimproved. The soi ls pastor on communion-day may wave
be saved here to-night, his hand over the
h ps. will not be so much those who livre not ten cleansed? but where, are | INTERNATIONAL LESSON, MAY 28. have kept their integrity and upright- fhe nine?" These spiritual defaulters ness, for they are depending upon am playing hide nnd seek in religion their good works, and are going to They are trying to smuggle their souls fall off at last into fearful disappoint- into heaven. Cleansed of the leprosy, ment. But the people who will come they are ashamed or afraid to tell who to-night will be those f irthvst off from »h“ir doctor wn**; skulking in and out God. It will be the Samaritans ; it will be the last ones you expect. Yonder literary Samaritan
will come. He looks up and smiles, but has done so much for them his knees knock together, and there should do so little for Christ. Christ is a whirlwind of darkness in hiafeoul, took ilvir leprosy; they are not willing and within one hour he will pray. O, to tnk ' His name you scoffer ; you did not always scoff did you? Was there in your early 1>oy-h od home, a venerable woman, with grey hairs, and cap, and spectacles, wh * on Sunday afternoon used to teach you how to pray ? Oh, you were not always a scoffer. That man feels now, under the pressure of God’s Spirit, as if he must shriek out in the midst of this assemblage. He feels that the eternal God is after him. He feels as if he must rise this moment and solicit i he prayers of God’s people. No, my brother, do not rise now. Sit still. If yov must make some demonstration of feeling, kneel down where you are, or put your head down O, thou of the defiant heart and of the proud will: you are coining to-night; you will come; you must come. God is after your soul. God’s minimum is mightier I h a n m a n ’s m a x i mum.
vou no
trans-Alpine
i lier cured lepers to go
nd by the hair, that he
He is a
Then an idi bit or. and an
S im 11 it an.
XV ho is he J
Jew
Whit, you, thi
outcast
going to come back and throw yourself it the feet of Christ .* If all those nine Jews worshipped Jesus, it would not surprise me so much as to see you, the Samaritan, come back sil>le ? Yes ; yea
Sf>
U is III W
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
“I'lirlal Before Nlstt.” John I* <8*40 «¦olden Text. .1 ilin 19. 4
PRACTICAL NOTES
amid excuses which will stand them neither on the death-bed nor in the day of judgment. O, that after Christ ers were the chief priests and rliari-
thev I sees, political opponents,
strange hnur working in harmony. Unie the hall of judgment. To the gov-
1
Verse 28. Then led they. The lead-

for one
¦	O the ingratitude
th« perfidy. I he abhorrent iniquity of einor’s palace, called the ITetorium.
that mm who has been changed bv | \ few-years later the Human governors the grace of God, but does not say so.
Communion-day comes, and the hosts of the Lord sit down at the Sacrament; but you, my brother, take your I palace erected by Herod the Great. Hut
h t and Lave. Treason! treason against | Antonia, and tradition here may be th* Lord that bought you with His
blood, from the cleaving of the first,	.	.... , , ,	. J- .
vein to .he emptying of the Inst art- tradition puis Pilâtes headquarters m
ery. Was Christ unfair and unrea-| surea but at the great feasts, when t urn-•enable when He asked of you hj ultuous multitudes thronged Jerusalem puMic espousal? "Were there nol ten h governor found it » lue to be précisa used? but where are the ninef 16eni It was early, lu the fourth My subject has also a forceful ar" Lva(Cj| 0f the uight, between three and raignment for all the unconverted peo-1 ^ ,B lhy morniog, t he Jews held it pie in this assemblage. Have you not wrong to condemn anyone to death at
KJSWS.CT-^a.K S&rtZiVS%sus.*t
that you turn around and ,n worship-L indicated, which formally con-
m
sheltered you, and nurtured you, and »/"™al and "to^by a written defended you, and blessed you, in ten vh«rge. Doubtless the whole case had thousand ways, and yet you go off with keen gone ovei .efore him. for he ,h. nine 1 pers. O, you ungrateful would not ordmanly b* m hi. judg-souls. Here is a thanklessnes nient-haII at so early an hour enough to make men weep for a thou- 'here had arisen in his heart a deep sand years. You hive not treated suspicion of these Jewish plotters, your worst earthly enemy as badly as Pontius Pilate hid at this time been
you have treated my Lord Jesus governor for nbou four years and for
about six years longer he held the
Who
How is it that a claimant to
is he? O, he is a Samaritan ; and the Jews kept on their way, and say :
era hill of Jerusalem in a gorgeous
"Well, you never could depend upon a Samaritan
v
lie's nobody, anyhow, lie's disobedient, aud he has turned back."

The Roman capital was Ce-
They kept on, but this Samaritan had turned back that he might accost his benefactor, and he
correct
comes clapping his hands, and crying
'Thanks !
And he throws himself
at the top of his voice: thank» 1“
down at the feet of Christ in gratitude and in adoration, him up, and says for you ; but are you the only one of all that group of ten cleansed lepers who is grateful for convalescence and restoration ? Were there not ten cleansed f but where are the nine ?
See, first, in this subject, the wholesale cure of the Gospel. Christ generally took one invalid at a time. One blind man to be brought under miraculous optics. One demoniac to have his reason enthroned. One crooked woman to have her back straightened. One damsel whose heart had halted to be started again. But loi here is a decade marching out from the ranks of fell disease into the ranks of robust health. Ten lepers cured. Twenty gangrened hands, twenty gangrened feet. A whole lazaretto swept out and garnished. O, my friends, why not in the same way have immortal souls cured by wholesale? Sometimes une man will come in a church, and stand up and espouse the cause of Christ, am1 the whole congregation will rejoice over it, aud heaven itself will cuwe dow n in gladness ; but in that very church, at that same time, there will be ten lepers on one gallery and fifty lepers in another gallery. Why do they not all come ? Christ turned over this whole congregation of lepers intv exuberant health. Would to God that we might get tired of this conversation by driblets. "Were there not ten cleansed ?" My text seems to warrant the expectation that we will have ten times as many blessings as have received. If a hundred souls have come to Christ, ten times a hundred are a thousand. If eight hundred souls have come to Christ, ten times eight hundred are eight thousand. There have been in this church, during the past year, five thousand two hundred and eighty persons who have applied to me and the session, asking the way ot life, and I hope that of them, if not all, became Chris-
with this or other
/
Jesus gently takes 'That will do, sir,
r
i
There is a dissipated Samaritan who will come to-night. " O,” be says, "I drink.” I know it ; but you hive taken your last dram When you go home to-night, the first thing you will touch will not be the small knob of tlie wine closet, but it will be the Bible on the stand. This is to be the night of your dise ni lira I ment. O wife of the shadowed heart, he will not drink any more. He sets his foot down this very moment hard, and puts his teeth together very tight, in a resolution never to drink any more. Re not surprised if at the close of this service he comes up some of these aisles asking h iw his soul may he saved in one hour f think all heaven will hear the crash of his broken manacles.
And now i will select some one in the audience that you will he surprised at. You know that in every assemblage there are I be best and the worst. You look over Ih'S audience to-night, and you see hundreds of men in whose integrity you hive full confidence do not select that class. 1 shall lake I he one hundred in I he audience who arc 1 he worst, who consider themselves I he worst. But 1 must narrow the subject down, and l shall take the twenty out of that hundred who are I he worst. Still i have not gained my point, and F shall take the five who are the worst out of all 1 lie twenty Rut T have not yet gained my point, and T shill take the one who is worse than all the rest of the five now T corne to 1 he worst man in this assemblage. T do not know where he sits. T confront him. He says : "I acknowledge that 1 have been all wrong. F have committed every kind of sin during the course of my life-time. T have been a scoffer, an infidel, a libertine,—my whole life has been a congeries of transgressions.” My brother. you are about the last one that we would expect to repent hut, like the unexpected Samaritan of the text, you will come to-night. T am not n priest, with stole and tonsure, and canonicals, to hear your confession. I do not want you to tell me the story of your sin I only throw yourself at the feet of Christ. This pull of the Holy Ghost on your soul this moment is mightier than the
Fliey themselves
Many rabbins
I
With-
3

I



hut

question on
hardly more or less than truth to do with the charge th.it you
clearly
we
it back in His face saying* "We will passions, implacable prule, nnd steady No crime; no ground for the charge ot
not h..ve this man Chrisi Jesus to reign ‘niîulIV?ity- .	, ,	rebellion. And just h«re mhst. be in-
over us" Does not your own heart	Lr he were not a malefactor, evil- troduced the terrible scenes descri no
my brot her, condemn you? Now	be	worker, we would not have delivered	in Matt. 27. 12-14;	Mirk 15. 3-5;	Luke
frank. Do you not see it is unreason-	ul? U!',V> Having privately	23. 4-12.
able not to love and s**rve God?	Go	lil>ore<l with Pilate, the Jews exp ct 1 3W Hut ye have	a	.
understand that Christ	ia	| him to agree to their terms. Hut there	custom no-hing is	known except	whit
is a point at Issue between him and	is here related. I	should release unto
In the
!
And
must
tlans, uniting
Chm - I m this or other l mdsH* had had sufficient faith, we might have had, according to the text, ten times as many, namely, fifty-two thou-
Jf
custom of this
we
you not
your best friend? He has been your	, .	® -
best friend in all the past He» is the. th1p,P whl0hf *PP®jri to involve the you one at I ha passover friend that you need for all the whole question of the relationship of modern theory of government a cr,infill ure. lJo you re mom her Simmons. R<>m‘ $° V ru<,n1' m,. 1 h* Sanhedrin ap- iml h one who of fen Is society, and his i he railroad engineer? Accidents parentty does not! dispute Pilate's Foie punishment is a Messing to come so frequently that perhaps you power ovei life find death as bonnn but \sh**n governm-nt was not mi the have forgotten that brave deed, than executive, hut it/ disputes his right to people snd by ih i people.” the people
which there has never been a braver I11 v	f*n,‘ uJ)°m hey have con- were pleased to hive a crim -a
demned. Its rights as a judicial tri- leased; h» was, in »>me sense. * fellow-bunil are almost at stake.	sufferer.
sa

A few days ago I was out on the beich at East Hampton, Long Island, and the fishermen were there, and they were Just hauling in their nets. The nets had been thrown out at a greai " distance from the shore, and there were about twenty men hauling then» la. They seemed very much ex-
am waiting to see you
re-
deed recorded in all the history of hum;in heroism. It was some years


###PAGE###7###
\
VT?!
PLACING THE BLAME
1	B8.At *» mm Ve§, sir, exclaimed Mr. .Spiffing,
%X)ith Water Triât S Past. «leaking of hia wifo, that woman baa
¦	made a fool of me.
This is ™h*t « fsggti oat. „%¦ % f £1 %
tearful little woman said in Men thit you were eeit-made.
telling her cares and weak-
Her friend encouraged by telling of a relative who had just such troubles and was cured by Hood's Sarsaparilla.
The little woman now baa tea re of joy, for she took Hood’s, which put her
blood in prime order, and she lives on What's worrying you, Harry, dear ? the strength of the prosent instead of I'm afraid I’m not worthy of you, worrying about that of the past.
Humor-M When I need a blood purifier ! leg.
I tako Hood’s Sarsaparilla. It curvd mr humor and It Is excellent as a nerve tonic."
Into the tin went the head of the | j0*,r Katoh, Stafford Springs, Vonn.e^*
snake, but the head that wont in was
The Mill Cannot Grind
US R
AN ODD SNAKE TRAP.
44
Everyone appreciates a cup of good TEA.
LUDELLA
fmi lie Ilrnil Ini a n Bl-.mll Tim. Then
«Minird 11* Hood r.ntl Wm* IKi# * 11 y Killed.
f>i. Arthur St rad lung, the celebrated •nakn savant who in hia own person demonstrated hundreds of times the truth of the theory of immunity by inoculation in the case of snake-bites, flCSSCS# tails tuf an odd kind of snake-trap that naught Its victim securely. It was n biscuit tin, and in the hot tom of it were some macaroons.
IT'S TUB
"BUST.
CEYLON
S5« 3°- 40, 50 & 60c.
Lead packages.
A Query Answered.
Anxious quest loners ask, "Is there no .sure cure for corns?" AVe nre glad to he able to tell these sufferers that Put mm's Painless Corn ,Extractor will relieve them in a day. and extract corns without pain. It never fails.
<<
c
Z.ffmk Cr. 5
onboy’s Improved arriage Tops.....
tv
ye

V*
m


A cobra spied the tin, but a mousv
The little

was ahead of the cobra, thief was having a good time, regaling itself on macaroons, all u nr on -scions that a snake was preparing to regale itself
RECEIVED THE K CHEST AWA* AT TNI WORLD R FAIR 1SS3.
I
sweetheart. Ufa, well—keep on worry-
r
t
Conbey'e Datant Roller Tape have met with, eu'h universal favor that other manufacturers are now mulling inferior Imitations and selling them on the reputation the Con bo; Tips nave made. Do nol be hoodwinked bf a iy porn »n who recommend# am laferle# make to be just as good.
The Con boy Roller Top# are am near perfect an skilled workmen oan make them.
When you order your Buggy, stipulate with y.#ur carriage builder that U le to bave a genuine Con boy Roller Top. are never a* good.
z
mouse.
Eu
Per Over Flftv Years
MRS \T!NRl/)Wa KOoTHINfl HYRTT? has beea used ht mothers for thslr chll roo teeihhg. It soothee the child, softens the gums, allar* all pain, mres wind colic, and l« the best remedy for diarrhoea 8fr- a bot-Molil by all dm.gieM thronghoet the world He snu ask for Id rs Wliwtow'f Moothlms Syrup.
V
f
Erysipelas Sores-“After scarlet fe\er a running sore was left on niy nose, 'look Hood’s Sarsaparills and It cured me. My brother was also relieved by it of erysipelas
" Km.a Covrske. Burden. N. B.
destined to come out le.se easily. The rough edges of the tun irritated the cobra, and involuntarily it dilated its | In his face. hood.
i in;$ i i
iRIHl
tie

1
)


'•*
That mud-e It a prisoner. With
the hood diluted the head could not be withdrawn, uud the cobra remained in its tin prison uitt il morning, when it was easily captured and killed.
Doctoi StradLing, who knows the natives of India ns well as he knows the makes of that land, tells of an interesting theory held by these people.
They are firmly convinced that for
•very human being a sn.ike bites it	i	ofa	Ueo|.„ie | Who	opened	the	can-
lottes one joint. When the number of	1	.	c	,
deaths the sn ike has caused equals the	> dl(j	*you lo|(J me	a liule	bird	was
now reached the height of its wicked	y’ "	olh<,r litllti bird about	So I twar led too medals and diploma for stipe tor SUBSTITUTES TEA AND	COFFRE,
desires, and at this point it develops un “	rh„	*velle»ce. Th.lr regular u-m preve it tnfeoti A 18c ow*ate will make 7$ cupi Fur «le by »U
w.ngs and triumphantly «Hsap^rs.	he. got W’té.îing
on the Ôth« ridè°o( the wlrl™ in the - me.	| F. C. CALVERT A CO., I	C0" Toronto. Canada.
case of the rattlesnake, for the na-	...	Manchester. . . England
lives of some parts of America are Yes, that’s the bride. V ery J°J*n^, _ A	”
siiM-nr sn tr&fw	fSESESS
counting these they can calculate with her f i hose are her unmarried sisters. ^rtiaiUre.
precision how many people a parti- She's chaperoning them.	| --------------ii3 ronge it, Toronto.
enlur rattlesnake has bitten.
What's the use of keeping on asking *
all these questions, when the wimess
insists on saying I don’t know ? Per- |
hups there isn't a great deal of use, answered the investigator. Put it in something of a luxury to find a man
in this town who is willing to admit I SYSTEM.
there is anything he doesn't know. ------------------
e
/

a# imitations
r
•v.t
¦a

Noyer Disappom

it nod's Fills eure liver Ills ; the nonJrrltatlDg end only raiiim tic ~lo tsks with A vols forsT-Mll^
Write ut for hutni< lion* on the Heat Pant* hutting Rystrm lt> the World. W«- teach you f r very little.
Tailors C.W.BUMTâOO. Toramte
AvooDi Photo F.ncravim # J L JONC6 LN(, C°
: 6-8 10 ADELAIDE VW TOR OHIO
PANTS
F
YOUTHFUL REVENGE.
MONTREAL
The 11 Balmoral," Free Bus J&J*—

w i* v m
FREE Bas»
Hlac, in «!• luleite Plush-llned ease.
wr wiling 1 des dainty /aukrte ef Heliotrope, and Violet per* fume No bran or tamiuM Bell at 10a eeeh Ite'um us ll.mand receive ring FREE mall. L'eraleemmle ferred Unsold ge^e

CALVERT’S
Rokco-Health-Drink
42A
V . t é i. 4 i

by return

# »
HOME IIPPIT CO.. Dept. **,*Toroet#, Oak
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Dominion Line
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
.Montreal and Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fait Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
R*ta of pHüHage : Flint Cabin. #80 upwards ; Meow'd Cabin S îft. Steerage, #33.30 and #23 60
Lor further nfunna'ion apply to local egents. or DAVII) TORRANCE &>0, Oenern! Agents.
17 St S arriment Ht, Montreal
EPPS’S
GRATKFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
ONE NIGHT
Corn Cure. Ask youc druggis for It. Frit e Ilk
0 tee new life to *h Hair. U makes it grow
__	_ sod real ore « tke color.
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
LUBY’S
Rheumatism—:;; %%
we receipt of |1 DU RoUH Y. P O Hui 3fo. M-.ftreal
FALLS ABE WEAK.
Î
GOLD PLATED. S3
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
Powdsr Formu,s 10	**
Crags-Did you tell Simpers you I wl .mail J5. KquaJ to the LT"rlLTo'L1?'*!} thought I was a mao without any bal- ,2c ,u ,u,u,e a nee t Suite-Well, l naturally infer- ~	^
red that if you had a balance you W, T. ASHBRIDGE, C E., would draw on it for the amount you I M temple mjiliuno.
Plana, Kutnnalf., **c , for	i '%r^.
Municipal end PrlvaieScworeKe nnu Water Supply &
. *T ATI UK* IN AUK AM. f M PIIOV KM KNT»,	! KjL
! if .4.. I m#%a,rnl#K	European Plan. Room* | Bridge FeuadaUwo#, Com, rn. Cnui.truwiiao, Etc, | ^
Niagara Falls, Ont., May 15.—The riOlCI URiSIrtKOf from #i a day no opp.
Pul Ip of Niagara are a stupendous pow- U.T R. .Station, Montreal, tie* Caratokeà Co., l'rup •.
er for the welfare of mankind. But, rig hi in the midst of our quiet populace, another power a million times greater has been at work recently.
Niagara Falls have destroyed scores of With all their power and
to us with your name and ad"i«m, and w. will foiwari tkta wa'.c* w y#e by erprwie for aaamloaMom. it fa t trap bark and bawl dust pres# Yv (Ml Caea. wind uitd ut,
95
YOUR NAME
Niagara Is a Pigmy Compared With
Dodd's Kidney Pills.
Ï"
LAP1ERRE, 19 Druyer 8l., Montreal.
i Printed on 25 Lotklî Uaildh M lor only 25o , and tine beAUtihw
•OLID COLD-FILLED RING
fiten free with each order.
The Canadian Card Con
246 SL dames St., Montreal,
fid watoh. is fined wttà ï - Jewelled Amerl WoTomeal that we wajraat ee wire good aatfeteetiu* aai U Juet u.e watch tbr trading pu|* pve*e. If after careful ciata* Inatlon von rtad ttna watch te be exactly ae represents# par the express agent |lN am# chargee, aad ilia j
SU
TORONTO
4
He Kidney Digram» I* IMngrrom If ONd'a Kidney Fill# be Used Hr. J. B. Janes
owe me.

i
1»


Canada.
e “ BEAVER BRANO" Mackintosh
' JKB	never hardens k I# guaranteed Water
ft; Z^JÊTïïf. proof. Aakf r it, take no other. Rea-iJir ^ ,er Bulljer Clothing Co., Montreal.
Dipt
ferry kVafcA C#„ Toronto, Ont
l.
Fver/^ seAoth£R Knows
^	THE VALUE OF	—
Deafness
and HEAD
NOISES relieved hv THE
COMMON SENSE EARDRUMS.
Made of a-ift rubber, are aufe, comfortable and inv,dibit. Write for pamphlet allowing benefit In es*e oi Cat rrhal Deafne**, K wring an# Hinting Pounds, Relaxed, Sunken . d Ti ickened Drum*.
The Common Sense Ear Drum A Med olne Cot,
Limited,
freehold Building, Toronta.
Mrs. Greece—Funny how mothers
will believe that their own children
are so much better th;tn anybody else h children. Mrs. Gray—1 know it. If all people, now, were like my little Georgia, it would not be so strange.
POUMON SENSE KILLS Roaches. Bed
U Bugs. Rate and Mi.-* ri,.1.1 K
»\
U Bugs. Rats and Mice. Bold by all Druggist#, or Ml Queen W. Toronto. WR
grandeur, they never saved one life.
The other power we refer to has saved thousands of lives—it has never destroyed one. This power is Dodd's Kidney Pills.
Lei one of our most respected citizens tell what Dodd's Kidney Pills did foi him. He says:
for seven years with Bladder and Kidney Disease, and tried in vain to find
a remedy that would cure me, until 1 his ground in flowah beds ! providentially heard of Dodd’s Kidney Smiff—What’s pergressive bout dat i Pills. So highly were they rectum- ! Mietah Moee—Why, he won't hib tub mended to me by a friend who had go aftah chickens now. Dey’ll come used them, that I bought three boxes to him. at once. 1 am happy to say 1 didn’t	—
Those three Silica Poultry Orlt I* the Lent digester in the market
LAURENTIAN SAND k «RAVEL Co.. Montreal.
I
I F'
il.
CUTTING SCHOOL-

Tailors and Dr
makers. «end for eat-
C. â U. SCHOOL CO., Montreal.
A PARTURIENT MEDICINE. ^
Hobbs Hardware Co.
LONDON.
elugae.
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited
Cor. West-Market & Ootbome St., Toronto,
Can got ycu bn*f priori f r your Apples. Butter, Pm « Poultry, and other produce, if you ship It to them
RELIANCE cm A a FACTORY .Montres
La Toscana, 10c.
JTie Drum In position
1 have suffered
< 4
Mietah Mose— I tell yo’, dat Pompey’e pergressive 1 Jea' luok at him puttin' all !
Mist ah
BINDER
Highest
Grades.
Catholic Prayer SSS.eS52ja
Re) mous Pictures, 8'a uary. and Church Ornaments, Educational VVi rki. Mail tivn.
I
r« receive prompt attea-
D. A J. 8ADLIER & CO , Montreal.

TWINE.
We give this fine 4-F31ade Pearl Handle KNIFE for selling 6 Ladies'Gold Plate
Shirt Waist BEAUTY PINS at io cents each.
Simply send your address and we will forward wicks post-paid. When sold, r-end the 60 cents and we w ill send knife, with all charges paid Address,
Cem Novelty Co.,Toronto, Ont
Lowest
Prices.
Mills. Mills Jk Halos
Barri* tern, etc.. removed to Wosley Bldge., Rich-niuud ÜL W.. Toronto.
LAW
Dcslrrs, Ask For Quotations.
need to buy boxes cured “Dodd's Kidney Pills cured me of Diabetes also.
I have good reason to sing their praise. I shall never cease doing so—John B Jones.”
Niagara Falls, with the strength of a billion of giants, could not relieve Mr. Jones of one twinge of pain. Dodd’s Kidney Pills banished all his pains for And, even as they cured Mr.

any more, me.

LRAl). COPPER. BRASS* I $150

will, IF TAKEN at ONCE, buy a Patent Medicine Business, stock sufficient to make $3,000 worth. No other pill like it on market. Fortune for energetic man. Box 17, Truth Office.
HARRIS
Therefore, 1 contend,
I saw you waltzing around your
Lawn this morning. Excuse me, that wasn’t a waltz—it was a hoee reel.
a •
Wbeleesh only Long Distance Telephone 17,0
WILLIAM IT., TORONTO.
r.Mpecially uwee who have felled to be cured e »«• where, write to Dr ArooU. Btrlin *&Q Will eon v i now you he cnn curey u
¦^¦¦¦improver to rest-making trade Will
pa> well and smart young man will bo given a chan e to learn cult ng Writs C. W. BL'MT k CO., Toronto
Stammerers
TO CURE A COLO IN ONE DAY Take Lixative Brouio Vu gist* refund the money if It
All Drug
uiume Tab eta , fails to eure. 85o.
Wanted
At Once.
spinüie ALLAN LINE
cylinder
OILS
ever.
Jones, so will they cure any person who suffers from Bright's Disease, Diabetes, Dropsy, Lumbago, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases, Diseases of Woman, and all other Kidney Complaints.
Dodd’s Kidney Pills are sold by all druggists at fifty cents a box, six boxes $2.50, or will be sent, on receipt of price by The Dodds Medicine Company, Limited, Toronto.
There are fifty thousand muscles In an elephant's trunk, they say ; Yet the poor brute never swears a swear
As he packs it day by day.
laid
fngine
•T. LAWRENCE ROUTE, MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL,
KOVAL MAIL STEAMERS
SUMMER SAILINGS.
AGENTS.
wo
curtet it connect# waist, skirt, and underskirt keeping ell iu verfoc* position. Impuselble for skirtsit© eng of shirt waists to work up Uumiuiseinn or salary. References required. Samples mail',1 2oo.
Neaisiooi
Gosior
Germania Oil Co. 134 Bay St., Toronto.
“ Pharaoh 10o,"%TC:—
NUMIDIAN—May 6. June 10. July 11. CALIFORNIAN— May 13, June 17. July Ml GALI.IA-M^y 30, June34.
CO HO DO NO A-May il. July L
Cabin Possoee—$50 00 and upwards.
Second Cabin—$35.00. Return P!A 50.
Steerage - Liverpool, Loudon, Glasgow, Lendendernk OlQueenstown. $23 50.
For further information apply to
N. B0URLIER, 77 Yonge St., Toronto, or H. A A. ALLAN, Montreal.
Taggett Manufacturing Co.,Toronto,Ont.
THffl
SEND
Adalbeit—And so I am the first man
Peterborough
FOR
LETTER FILES and TRANSFER OASES.
File Complete $1 00 Board and Arch 50c.
Simple*, B ard and Arch, 26n. Binding Cases, $3-0J per dozen complete.
The Office Specialty Mfg. Co , Limite 1
123 and 124 Bay St, TORONTO. Factory: Newmarket.
Guinevere
Shannon
that you have ever kissed f —Yes; Adalbert; the others took the
CATALOGUE.
GOOD EYESIGHT.
Qahde Ho.
W (Limited.) W
Brawley, given to boasting—Do you | initiative, know, I suppose I've the best eyesight of any person going.
Litesum—Oh, there's no doubt of that. That book you praised so highly you were able to read without stop-j to cut the leaves. Don’t believe another person in town could do It.
8u censors
to
$100 Reward, $100.
The reader* of thi« paper will be pleased to learo i hat there 1* at lenat one dreaded disease that wcience ha* been able to cure In all if*
¦tnge*. end that t* Catarrh. Hall’» Catarrh Cure t* i he only pom Ive cure known to the medical .raternliy. Catarrh beluga constitu
IT WAS ALL MonT.	i ‘SBMSSiSMSKi'K'SS;
,	u Ems SSSwb
was certainly a forcible one. It was patient Strength by building up the connilta
Iw J,	8",d“,‘ I	or eoe
fin id h	GHKNKY & CO, Tele lo, O.	Kl> M in Currency or Sterling with
il» 'I interest coupons attached. P»r*Me in Canada or llalle Family Pills are the beet.	m England. Eiecutor* and Trust* ee are author
1	I Ized by law to invest in the Debenture# of this
. ZT,,e*-,?0Zlr°D!T 006 thing “	n
hard to find in this world as the north payment	^	.	.
pole.	Jaggles—Wbat'e that » Wâg- *"^^MïlGl6iOTIS8r1
glee—The fellow who gets lost search-	Maeaglng Director.
Log for it.

Ontario Canoe Co.
J. Z. ROGERS, Manager.
PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, CANADA.
without medicine
HEALTH RESTORED
ping
CANADA PERMANENT {
MjSSSAIKÎ-.iitiRr ""
Revalente Arabica Food
Ideal Leather Polish Du Barry’s
Loan and Savings Company.
INfOKP-'KOXED 1855
»
whieh Save* Invalide sud Children, and alee Rear* eeeefully Infante whose Ailment* and Debility have re* eut. d all other treatment* It digests when sU other Food to rela ted, save# 50 times its cost in mediolaa
100.00$
le the beet for
Paid-up Capital Reserve Fund
sees
1,160,000
Mead Office—Toronto St., Toronto# •ranch Office* - Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, S O.
MEN H WOMEN 8 AND CHILDREN 8
e e e eg e e
BOOTS AND SHOES.
1 Invariable S
Annual Ourse ef Constipa-lion. Flatulency, Dyspepsie Diabetes Bronchitis, I-.tin Phlegm, Diarrhoea,
Du Barry & Co., 3
Piris, 1«„Ru. * OMilÿU». «4
titers, i g
îLr^T^
50 Years
r i
----------------i	......... _
Established HI Nervous Debility, Sleeplessness. Despondency.
LACKS OPPORTUNITY.
You don't seem to have much to say About domestic affairs.
You are mistaken, sir. I bave a good ieal to aav. but I never get a chance to say it.

L. COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,



TORONTO, ONT.
Topics of the Day.
Every one is suprised at the rapidity #nd efficacy with which Nervilioe— serve-pain cure—relieves neuralgia and rheumatism. Nerviline is a specific for all nerve pains and should be kept cm hand by every family.
John L. Coffre
Thomas Flynn
t
On Trial
ROOFING sï »!r,SK!:TS:
Red or Ore# ». SLATE BLACKBOARDS (We supply Public sad High School».Toronto!. Rooflng Fell, Pitch, Oosl T»r, etc. ROOFING TILE [See New Oiey Bu.i logs, Toronto, done br our final. Metal 0*1 hags, Osr aloes, etc. Estimates furnished for work complete #rfee materiel* shipped to any pert of the country. Ffcoss 0. DVTHliA SONS, Adelaida AW
(SL&dH#
tn/ -SAo 4tU+<Ji	MW*U.
J-jA, tUHtrJrùàM
Gajis' &
WE SEND THE
AYLMER V. SPRAY • PUMP,
ANDERSON FORCE PUMP,
•ta,
Shop—I am really surprised at your Wtlûg him. I thought you had better •octroi of your temper.
FREE I Mît
Watch, with guard er chatelaine for sell isg 3 doe. Æ of our full cl&ed Linen Doyh'-sat 10c each,Lady's
Slang Silver Watch fcrscilina A do*. Doylies tainted and prettiest design. They sell sight. Writs and we send th
Bull—Usu-
ally I oan control myself, but when a ehaap dude calls me a 'nice doggie* in a voice a woman uses in talking to a ry bird. I just go all to pieces.
•n these 1er au. He sucker, yacking. WW last a lifetime.
AYLMER IRAN WORKS
id. Bell them, return oar
nad we promptly forward __________________
A*. • l,7Ttnata.
Jones got broke of walking in bis
His wife made him
4. W. AMRCR9ON,
<iefx How f '.vrij the baby*

> -
\


• /
###PAGE###8###


I
/
twenty five year* was the late Mr. Hugh Grant, of Hamilton Itroa., and latterly of the Hawkeshurv hmdar company. I he m wit ion is now filled hy Mr. dames Me-f Sheen, who has just completed
hy moana of give the alarm at the foot of the of a wire stretched
Wanted.
BUY
JaS. BôSSJVüicü cases
Mon-pull-out
\ nVh oY M ft y r « bo u t ten or i
BY THE » m
H »SEEfHsE j:ar....................
the Chairman or Secy.- In»*	1 v lv
Payment when delivered
Hy Order.
Mi
< timt!
useful contrivance
can
a jam
. slide. It consists WWW .	..	, ,
I along the side of the slide and Attached
! to rollers at each end. 1 ho watchman ! uses a lever, a gong is sounded and the can bo immediately stopped from
The device is not a

and inspected.
IT LANO. fiecy.-Treas
Fitted «ltd
THE SUIT QUESTION
Is troubling a lot of men at this
If they would call
Bows
the
Sbawvillc May 1.	0
I logs
entering the slide
_ IH
HMtlOmBdon	|
ml§gg
"mn
msm ^BIbEI @gs-
b* Wiü-FpH
*“*s=r #=:= d	tsteàssst
sjs&sï"- m'tT” srJrrasnatf53Si“SS ! sssÆ.’SAtsssa» ™
a..B3Esfr	sssiees
Kenney, of Kazubazua, were “P 1 lls w‘,y whBI, W8 venture the statement thu* a The Pembroke district meeting of the and etc.,	JOhN GRACE, SR
T M?iihn Farr.1. l^^^f ''	oÆtxpe'ndi* Akaftt? HZ
, 6,   str «... .jo»™ cj*	:rdX”“.ff-Æ% ?•imw*p»m» >nd. 7Ü'
1*11 Sfii
KBlStfSS ® =A '-a US	SSÎÆÎ.ÜSS^o/SJÏ -"ISSsSlF" -
. mm mmm mmm
mmimmm--...........
give you a abort history of the slide, also a description of the fallu, accompanied hy
JSM
Apology.
season of the yesrg and look over our large stock and get
trouble in
It Is better to SERVE the public than to CHEAT It.
» 'rrrA" - •
help one’s patrons
Bhawville, IttU May. is»o.
;T,®SiaS”n"riehïnnd1 U%fcWi^l
ogt St.
w.w.mF.LXNn.ets
our
an
they would have no
prices,
in .electing» Spring Suit-
made to order, Come with the people.
»
H*r
?
JANE X YOUNti
Mark
?
11 ‘tlîïto HURT them. WhasuSER,ris^dst !oStheîooge,run (o:
the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
made to tit

»
A. R. McGUIRE.
THE TAILOR.
Notice to Whom it May
Concern.
i
A
GOODWYIT,
The Watchmaker,
ARNPRIOB, ont.
Bristol. May iStb,
tieh
BEST IS CHEAPEST.
THE
FOB
REMARKABLY CHEAP....
IcMbEe’s Poultry Netting
are'.nneQnalled in tnalily and
%
Mr Fences are tie Bast.
V
*z<
*


o
go to
Gütbnertson & Graham.
BRISTOL MIKZS
Their stock will be found large and second to none
the county.
in
It will pay you to examine these goods if you require anything in the furniture
lino. They have been
fully selected and marked at rock-bottom prices.
care
returned from Montreal and
I desire to
Having
new stock now opened in the store of
John McFarlane, Campbell’s Bay.
i
Jewellery Store
Nlxt Door to Donalvwor s
Main St., - - Shawville.
UNDERTAKING
OTTER LAKE
invited.
WANTED
Young Yorkshire Pigs
for Sale
Farm for Sale.
I
OTTAIàMATUBADRÏ
CHANGE OF TIME

Pontiac Facile Milan By
BO YEARS*
experience
o
Official Time Taàle :
The owners of the Russell House, Ot tawa, are contemplating building an ad dation to that already commodions build
to says :	t .
“ Without permanent street improve.
wasted, taxes are high
AM

If
Arrive » 45
Aylmer
fBrecken ridge ? •Kardley Parker's Crossing VMohrs Quyon Wyman's tTank Bristol McKee’s Bbawvllle Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank p Vinton
Coulonge
•Mellon’s
Waltham
5.45 Leave 6 0J **
9 2i
ing
9.06
6.12
8.58
• •
6.18
8.50
• <
0 26
Four train loads of Doukhobors passed through Renfrew recently on their way to the Canadian Northwest.
éà
8.40
à#
Trade Marks Designs
COPYRIGHTS ÀCr
SSPl
SSBSIiSi
l«0BïïS5Ssfi#*
6.37
8.22
»
647
8.14
A»
6.56
8.88
6 58
8 02
• s
7.01
7.52
over the falls
7.26
7.31
Isaiah Aesance, an Indian guide, warn killed by a Parry Sound train recently at Salt e Crossing, near Parry Sound.
7 45
6.00
SOS
8.12
86
6.30
8.47
6.55 Arrive •Flag Station
The Citizen is Ottawa’s
LEADING DAILY PAPER. VERTIGE IN IT.
Ad-
Conneotmg pt Aylmer
p. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERjyTEEOEM
>
i
{

