###PAGE###1###
T


# I r ' Y zm

A
* %» %
V y y
1 /
v
A
? z
%
/ , ^

No. 28 —17 m Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY
QUE
THURSDAY, JAN.
1 8, 10CO.
81.00 a Year in Advance.
J*y
=&= I IE* BE
Have you tried Djwd'« “ Hi«h Lout ’
Flour 1	"	1
I Kï». J .hn Grenfell performed the cere. 1 rj'ln?”VT,br‘,ua,,out «Heor.untry. e..
„mu . . -	'P=5È15 sillpp
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.iKcht,ofC-aTOndo''-Arnpm, t I1()!i „ ,,Mri„ticr
Messrs. McGinn and Abbott, merchants, l,rov,(hug comfort» of various forms fur of Kazubszuii, who h ive hail a branch i 1 le y°u,,K oie» who have volunteered their •lure at I pper Thorne Centre, have de-	efrviCv8 f0 a88lHt in maintaining the pres
cided to close the same this month.	j*K° fhe British empire, now so serious
lyassailed bya stubborn, cruel audrelent Messrs. Cuthberfson and	*e88 An example <»f this patriotic
sa\ IN'»“ HANIv.	,	John Elliott to carry on the furniture,	euhtmmu to do honor to two of her own
do1- ^zki',l<’,,um>rrw,,,K- p'Tne-and "rr\	»»d «•
matching and shingle cutting business,	Howard, and to Mr. Lewis J. Lelloy, a
under the name and style of Cuthbertson,	native of Bryson village, although fur
»raham and Eiliott. See their advertise	aome tim-i past a resident of Aylmer. The I	All	lA/lklTC D	PfifinG	DCnilOCIi	ill	niilOC
ment in another column of this issue.	occasion, we gather from published reports,	MLL	If	111	I	Lli	UUUUu	MCUU VLU	111	I	KlÜt.
W6a one of the most notable in the history	*	*
Thomwlute,,,.ra„nM». LUCKY BUYERS.
chair, and in a few patriotic remaiks in- I	*
S H.«,dtdnn. “"l!/'."t; I We have still on hand quite a large stock of FiiV-n™,, „ZMi\eir in"utitiii« ihe dai., WINTER GOODS and have decided to clear out -ho ..nowcuti" South Afnca. ^ ’ I greeted them with Three cheer."»™! VtT j the same without any consideration of profit.
Don't forget the oyster supper to be i clearance on the Ontario side of the river I	_ ' *	r °T?^ m.e,n‘	,,	_ _
Mr. J. Y . Caldwell, real estate and in- A number are trying the rink at the I the Northwest in 1885, and was in two surance agent, of ,7 Bank St., Ottawa, bchneaux. 1 wonder if they will take I engagements.
has added journalism to the list of hi,	Carmen. Mr. It. McC. Ritchie, of the village of
oilier pursuit, having commenced the	_____________ Bryson, supplemented Mr. Dennis’ re-
Y bleu », :*r i	o.centre. rü i	arz
iux\ to be issued in the interest of the O:-	--- could not forget the fact that his birth
iwa valley real estate business. Snow fell to the depth of about five ' Mlace was Bryson, in the loyal old county . valdwelle tenture has the inches on Thursday night.	of Pontiac. Had it been known to the
unique e* ure of having no sub?crip-1 Mr. R. E Armstrong went to Shawville Pe°P^e Bontiac that such a presentation on price a ached to it, his anticipated on Thursday returning Friday morning. an^ demonstration was being made hun-source * revenue and support to come ex- Mr. A!ex. Dewar departed on Thurs dreds of her best citizens would have been cusneyfromtheadyertumg matter he day morning on a visit to his parents at p* osent to do honor to whom honor is due. e pec s to secure. This in the main will 1 St Andrews.	He knew Mr. Leroy from his childhood
re.a e to properti t r «nie, or to lease, Messrs. McGinn and Abbott have closed	loved him as a eon, he was willing to
mturancc, uih.e s, supplies, etc. The 1 their store in the village	, release him fora glorious cause, in which
rouicle, therefore, while not infringing j Mr. W. A. Moore of Otter Lake was in ' he is about to engage, upon ground already occupied, should be the village on Friday.	I Mr. Leroy very appropriately replied,
a \ a ueable medium to parties desirous of | Mr. W. Dunning of Ottawa was here on 1 He said while he appreciated the kind re is posing of or purchasing property, or ( Friday, buying furs.	marks as well as the presence of the peo-
uiXln^r ^,nfl,rri0“0fa^ ki|id	Mr J. W. Armstrong is	commencing	P,t?« he was not going to a southern por-
ig i n the real estate business and	his	hauling of logs to-day.	We under-	i tion of the empire for honor or glory, but
we rust the spirit of enterprise which has , stand he will employ about fifteen teams, «imply from an inspiration of duty. He ca e it into existence will meet with a | Mr. E T. Martin went to Oitawa on : did not expect to win a Viètoria Cross or goner*.us support.	I Monday returning Thursday evening. recognition of any kind, but where the
Mr. T. Wainman, of Shawville, passed empire required valorous soldiers to go through here on Saturday on his way to Canadians would be in the van. He thank-Otter Lake.	1 ed the people from Aylmer from the bot-
Ti m Thumb. I tom of his heart for their words of kind
ness, but much more for their actions, par8on-1	i which meant more than words; and if he
age, Renfrew, on Wednesday, the 10:h !	OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.	had to die in Africa, where many brave
inst., when the Rev. Mr. Webster united ,	--- Britons had spilt their blood, his last breath
in the holy bonds of matrimony Miss The neighboring farmers and others Wuu-d he for Canada and a united empire.
Emma C. Armstrong, eldest daughter of seem to have all a press of work this sea- ^r* ^,t?orKe G. Rainboth, C. E. and P.
Mr. Frank Needham, who has been in	Hubert Armstrong, Clarendon, to t*00» what with forwarding produce to the , k. S., a candidate for the mayoralty of
the employ of Mr. J. H. Shaw for some ^°hn J. S:y, also of Clarendon. The j lumber depots and timber contracts -Ayimer, was the next speaker. He is a time past, left hero on Monday to accept	looked charming in a beautiful bro-1 everyone seems to he occupied.	veteran soldier,	and	will	shortly wear a
the position of book «keeper for Mr. J. oe led crystal silk dress with pearl trim-	The Rideau Lumber Co. are	getting	,ne^àl	^nr	l'*8	«6 r vices	at	t	lie	front
Carling Kelly, mining broker, of (htawa. mings and applicue lave. She was sup- | out lugs and dimension timber in this
EEHSS % i ma
at present from appendicitis. He was tan colored dress trimmed with passe-	a vast quantity of timber this season
mnrCh1n!.v«L0Md t-n- 1 Tlh,y monterieand green brocaded silk, while	Mr. W. G. Austin, of Ottawa,	was	at
morning. Dr. McNaughton is in attend- the groom was supported by Mr. Marshall	1 the Utter Lake depot the present week .-
ance‘	Armstrong, brother of tho bride. After	! Mr. George T. Robb, Kazubazua, ar
the ceremony they ell drove to tho resi	rived at GUiuour's depot last Tuesday at
dence of the bride’s father where a num-	noon to be assistant culler, and left imber of friends were assembled to meet	mediately with C. A. Moore for the
them. After partaking of a sumptuous woods renast and enjoying a few very sociable hours together the assembly left for their
iiFSla
srr.pr
ment was present on Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Joe. Carson, (formerly Miss Maggie Kemp)of Edmonton, N. W.
T.; Mr. J. B. Kemp, of Pembroke, Mr. and Mrs. Hugh Coburn, of Pembroke township, and Mrs. Kemp, arrived last Thursday on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. B.
H. Elliott.
The intelligence of the death of the Hon.
Geo. Brys.»n, sr, which reached here a few minutes after the event occurred on Satur day morning came as a surprise to citizens, generally, the impression being that the venerable gentlemen was in bettor health of late than some months ago.
Honoring Our Soldier Boys
Great
Clearing*
Sale I
Bargains Extraordinary !
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 1......................$1,170.000.00
OF CANADA.
Rest
Board of Directors:
Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Hay, bs<: , Vice-President.
I! . Gi Hr\ - iv, Jfu Alkx. Kkaslh, Esq ,
Jons Mytmfr. Fhq.. TUviv MâtLaiifn, Esq.,
t
Head Ollier, • Montreal.
Dnxis Murphy, E»q.

GEOROE BURN,
D. M. H N MK,
A GENERAL RANK! Bl «INI Sft TRANSACTED.
General Manager, .. . Manager
SllAU'VILLE BRAXTII.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rule*.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
I New Firm
Draft* 1**ued on ell Banking point* In the Dominion, United «tale* and Ureal Britain.
Notea and Bill* collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Hum* of 91 and upwards received t.i Hiving* Department. Interest et edited half yearly.
Office Hours-10 a. re. to 3 p. in. Saturday 10a.in. to p. m.
Office Hours HATCHDAY* .
10 A M. TO 3 F.M.
10 A M. TO 1 F.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
VICTORIA
LOCAL NEWS.
Kennby—Pattis -n.—On the 20:h Dec. 18R0, by the Rev J. McNicol, of Aylmer, Samuel Kobt. Kenney, conductor on the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway, f
See what I ^nna	daughter of Jae. Thoe. Pat
tieon, journalist, of 370 Dank street, Ot*
Wha! is the matter with Victoria peo-lo pie I they seam very quiet of late; surely
t. ! theuy ha.ve nul gone to tight the Boers.	—	....................»
»ord was received from Charlie Perry, j the whole assemblage rose to its feet and
greeted them with three cheers and a ti*
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
We have not a word to say customers say of our work.
McGviki, The Tailor. Iawa*0,lt- I
No-
Wanted — At Tiik Equity office a few cords of good dry hardwood.
no
ser
FURS
COATS, COLLARS, CAPS, MUFFS and ROBBS—must be sold. You are offered them at makers’ prices. This is a chance you should not miss.
Ladies’ Cloth Coats.
We have a sorgo that is all our own— (McGuires Serge) we make it to tit any form and if it don’t give satisfaction money will be refunded. In blue or black; ask for it.
Only a few left. We are willing to let
them go at a little less than they cost to make.
WANTED.—A few tons of fresh-killed dressed beef, weighing not less than 275 pounds per carcass.
Overcoats, Heavy D. B. Suits, Underwear, Horse Blankets, and all other lines in Winter Goods all reduced from 10 to 30 per cent.
See the Bargains we offer.
G. F. Hodgins.
ES" The Shawville Marble and Gran ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superiorclass of work iu Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
The strongest evidence in favir of our work is the amount we do.
McGuire, The Tailor
Our thanks Aie due the Gazette Printing Company of Montreal for a copy of the People’s Almanac for 1900. As usual the publication is neatly gotten up, and is filled with information ci much value.
o
I carry the largest range of serges in town in all colors.
P. S.—Barb Wire, cheap.
A. R. McGuire.
The annual grand concert in connection with St. George a church, Portage du Fort will be held in the town hall on the evening of St. Valentine’s Day—Wednesday, Feb. 14. Look for postera this week.
Hymeneal
One of those happy and interesting events that cause two hearts to beat as one, took place at the Methodist
?
A Beautiful Style “ D ”
The best is none too good. That’s why A. R. McGuire carries the best tweeds in town.
years
ago. Mr. Raiuboth is a very fluent speak* er, and his patriotic address aroused the audience to a high pitch of enthusiasm.
Mr. 8. 11. Edey, another veteran, followed with a most humorous speech. He said though he served under Col. Woiseley (now Lord Woiseley) he was always ready to go to the front for his country’s sake. At one time, long ago, he begged leave to enlist, but was told he was too young. When tho first contingent was sent from Canada, he applied to don the British uniform, but was informed he was too old; and now, when this contingent was being levied, he volunteered again, but was set back on account of being too Heavy. He, however, yet felt he was neither too old nor heavy to do yoeman service for his beloved sovereign.
Has been purchased by
T.G.SHAUGHNESSY,
Mr. John McCorriston of Elmside, colporteur for the Ottawa Auxiliary of the B. & F. B. S., left on Monday for the Temiecamingueand Kippewadistrict where he expects to be engaged in his work for the next two months.
A son of Mr. Tlios. Tubman of Thorne West, while working in the woods alone at his father's shanty, gave his foot a very bad cut with an axe.
Mr. Chris. Caldwell, of Shawville, and the P. 0. Inspector, were at the Otter Lake House Wednesday.—Mr. Dunning, fur and hide buyer, of Ottawa, arrived at the Otter Lake H on Thursday.
Mrs. David Lunam, of Campbell’s Bay, was the guest of Mrs. Wm. Moore Thursday and Friday.—Messrs. Arthur and Another of the old pioneers is gone, in	Jerry Quenle, and tho Misses Maggie,
ihe poison of Hon. Geo. Bryson, ar., who	Bella, Susan and Knnna Quealo, and Mrs.
died on Saturday morning at 10 o’clock,	Geo. Murphy, were tho guests of Miss
at the ripe old age of 78 years. As I have j Elizabeth Queale, Pickanock road, Thtirs-not the necessary data «ft hand, 1 must	day evening.—D. Gillies, Esq., and his
defar the obituary until next week. agent, Mr. Campbell, were at the Otter	. HH
rtiero is no change in the personnel of	Lake House Friday on their way to the	wrapped it around t he shoulders of the boys
©i t lier 1 be village or township councils	woods. They were accompanied by Mr.	to	the	great delight and enthusiasm	of the
this year.	Wm. Kelly, of Campbells’ Bay.—I om- citizens. The soldier boys stood at the
It has been reported that Miss Findlay	inittod in last notes to give names of pall	white,
proposed to start store-keeping again. S .	bearers at funeral of the late Wm. Wil-	God Save	the	Queen	was	then	sung
to get at the truth of the matter, y«*ur	son, and am requested to do so this week,	with a right loyal	ring,
reporter interviewed tbar lady on Smui-	They were dr. Win. Moore, Messrs.	The young	volunteers were	afterwards
Concert.—A concert will be held in day. She told me to say that if she d d Lyman and Goo. Moore, Arthur Quealo, carried on the shoulders of some of the Elliott’s hall on Wednesday evening,	not rent her store soon she will hang oui	W. Queale and W. Seaman.	ablest citizens to the	residence	of	Mr.
January 31st, under the auspices of the	her shingle again at the old stand, hi	It is my pain'd task to mention	the	Howard,	where they awaited	a car	to car
Presbyterian Church, Shawville. The Findlay’s Cornell, in all its glory.	death of Louis Charles, third son of Mr.	ry	them	back	to	their	quarters.	They
programme will consist of comet ami Coulonge is expanding. We have a no	Narcise Lcgault, of.Clnphnm, who has	boarded	the	cars	amid	the	vociferous
whistling solos, readings, vocal and in-	tary public now, in the person of Mr	been very low for some time. His death	cheers of	their friends.
Ktrumental music. &o pains will be	Damien L»guerrier, s commissioner of the	occurred on Wednesday last. He	was
spared to make the evening «leasing and Superior Court. He has opened an of	only 15 years of age “
instructive. Mr. Mrs. and Miss Ketch- fice at Tom Turrell’e old stand.	brothers are in the woods too far away
urn, |of Ottawa, will contribute to the Mr. George Jordan, of Compton, Que ,	to be got home, and it will be sad for
programme. Miss Ketchum’s whistling is the teacher of the model school here.	them on their return to find the brother
is a treat not to be missed. Talent from Mr. J. B. Dubé is the teacher in the	they left in health laid away forever.
Bristol and Portage du Fort will also R C. school.	The funeral took place at the R.
•wist.	Jib. Ik	Paddy, etery.	f _
PRESIDENT OF THE C. P. R.
,JSœîï‘Ai'1 The duPlicate of thia artistic instrument can be
Foian, Q. C., R. H. Conroy, A. L. Oil-n an, N. E. Cormier, Rev. J. (i. Campbell,
Rev. F. R. Taylor, Mr. T. A. Howard,
Evangelist J. Ritchie Bell.
Rev. Mr. Taylor a’eo eang two songs—
“ Soldiers of the Queen" and 14 The Maple Leaf."
At this stage of the proceeding*, that loyal French-Canadian Alderman Annable E. Beaudry grasped the Union Jack and
ouse from the Gatineau
Com.
seen at the warerooms of
COULONGE.
The D. W. KARN CO
107 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
J. R. HORNER,
SOLE AGENT, .. SHAWVILLE DISTRICT.
*9


J*
i
NOTICE
TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN.
Public Notice.
Public Notice is hereby given that Tenders for 100 CEDARS, as follows, will be received at the Secretary-Treasurer's office up to the 2(tth instant, on which date the awards will be given. The cedars to be “i0 Cedars 10 feet long, not less than 6 inches at the top end, straight and sound; the other 50 to be 18 feet long, 8 inches at top end, straight and sound HI I 6 By order,
Shawville, Jan, %, 1W&
t
o
Notice is hereby given that all na
«-1. ;	hM in | sas**: qa s % se a, „
-itructed hie solicitoro, Messrs. McGsrry, Jthe undersigned on or before the first day Grout & Devine, to enter an appeal in the Iof March. 1900. Parties having claims of D,visional Court against the decision of |anv kind against the said late Thomas Chancellor Boyd in the matter of the suit laiton are also requested to file the same
MRS. TEDS. WILSON.
rties
omas
His two elder




H. MATHBSON,
See. Trw,
of Pedlow vs. the corporation of Renfrew,
heard at Pembroke at the last assi
C. Cem
Saits Cemmohii

ShâWTille. Dec. 23. ItiW.




###PAGE###2###



i

!
REPAIRING IN ARTERY
dit inn of negotiation that all the Tirl- Mfftjlllf KOVSllV Ull3W clTCS
Hah i*>»sesM on in India, except B**n- 1 uvl“ cV ?	^
ÜEÜ mmm
¦iisii ¦ m in m._
.he marry a man of title, 1 will and Mina EverII rose	g,e„ nm us have dime in ibe cours.' .. ,iney     the great French them "good day. and aetme .	burled from hia aleigh the latter bar-
Epssr heeeh:; mmm m :~=he shs
=:-ru=;=i-ElsiS^Er——"EE,":"EES,:-=£2=53
home. She gave no name, but en e-el The first ¦ f theae coalition, wnewh t rb„ Iourtb ooalUtm «gainai Britain looked wondertngly at the	„ 0Ter lhe Amoral artery, the large
...............MFi V=5	simm EhWisS =Sc=25=
ËiESSil^EéîiplipE IHEil
¦¦ill!*
much in the long portrait gallery	asier toil uix-n England. The Duc dJ i 1 n decree of November 21, 18 G. when	summer, when they were stayrng at	ed and dissected away u	,	onf
while Ralph Crosby talked and paint- PICKING BILLIONS OF FLOWERS. Richelieu captured from them Fori ho declared tin Brit sh islands in a	one of tbe hotels n Tyrol the young	artery, eXiH,8ing a-aiut	d	t0
&*s iXïÆttï =...»• - «. -I»
and she the niece of the wealthiest France, is the centre of the perfume aj lj}ng Whu shuiud have retiav u the (hem—all merchandise belonging to was out* Engl.shtnan who was so¦ oxer- the artery, an inch am.	cut
woman in the county, and had spoken [ndustry. There women and g'rls may place with a British fleet, hung U,«cz. Englishmen was pronounced lawful come by her charms that he followed mal sound tissue m<giid , i .
cSSH :='===-S&Sg»&333l
of her love for Ralph.	m., and then returning with their fra- in America. The British General, Brad-, Britain retorted with reprisals in the daughter. II § attention at last «septic hiding pb«ce lie P it
" Love I Your mother loved Paul Ev- nt burdens to the houses, where dock, was routed :.nd killed. In such a similar spirit, and these brought becamt so marked that one day the cutf round end of the vessr
EF« E	—El Hi EESEEqES
If you will, but not one farthing of preparing them for the work of ex- are nj longer a Duljon •» nnd he only nt lvs feet and could sway it as he	Lehman learned through the papers	«vojd all danger produced oy
mine will be yours I"	treating the essences of essential oils, echoed ibe thoughts and fears of the willed, his "Cont nental System,’1 as	that the young lady ho had wooed so	trnnce nf air.
And the girl bad lain awake till	contain the perfume itself. bulk of his feiluw-couutrymen. Then he called it, fi led. Russia doggedly ijrs.sicntly was the girl queen or	THE TUBE INSERTED.
S£X,;:is,ih'thtvffiSi55 i.m.,*i,,..piu.km,»«-•»",sMsssjissixrs*	...
had been passed and of the poverty lots, from which violet water is made, C(,umry .. j know .• he said on first bn,Rd in the fatal retreat from Mos- curious adventures of Queen Mar- w	int0 the end 0f the vessel
for which she had such a horror, till aud from the beginning of May to the entering the Ministry, “1 kn.w that c w and the overthrow of Napoleon, gartu o Italy on her mount.! ne«* ring	. galDe distance, and the up-
“ssÂsHtt; —SSmï SSÎK Bî'îKEæKS
ad the grief that struggled with a well aa the tuberoses in July, the mig-	|he helm tb;lU the tihil, rigbte<i tain.	| known, but lew have heard of nnoih- the tu	,e8gel bolow. Then the
that fell from his lips as he turned the millions aud billions of leaves that succession. First cme M.nden, where	- j attendants, and had not only lost her channel wninn wou . . j a lHght
away without seeming to see her out- t mike ui> the 1 2ut) Out) kilograms 811 regiments of English infantry, *n«i ihr v«s >Mio «ira Tbroenb Thing* way, but was bo: b hungry and fa- to its h"MI '	, #jr«t caused
ehSvmIES	:r™ sas:,::::
chance to he hers she would find a kilograms of jessamine to be plucked, w.ih their volleys, and in a single that he likes the work he is doing, waa answered by an old peasant wo- heart wave or o ooa *	ne! This
wav of letting him know that she lov- and violets and orange blossoms io tbe hour i hinged the fort unes of the d y, Bajd Mr. Stoggleton, “has reason to man, whom she asked for rest and re- sated through ns “	' however,
— “• - him "i;"1» ,ir. "^visr-v,	y ***¦ "	asyzajwz- st ss
"And now—and now," she said to 0f plants that are raised for th-s huge Marshal de Contades, "what 1 never ibe veiy great majori > o	The queen entered and insisted on the bruised exsented I • »	. flnd
herself, while the shadows grew deep- result, it is calculated that each stalk thought to Le possible—a single line through the work wo have in hand the helping her hostess to prepare the external support oi	strength to
er in the corners of the wide library, 0f jessamine yields two kilograms of 0f infantry, break through three lines easiest way we can and get through simple meal of milk and bread. When tissues give it sum- e	blood
"an insurmountable barrier divides blossoms u season. So there must e 0f cavalry, ranked in order of battle, jt ^	; the hard places when pos- the belated attendants reached the overcome the	rarefullf
ns."	at least five hundred thousand stalks and tumble them into ruin."	;	. ,,	cottage they found the queen and the stream. The wounn
She clasped her hands tightlv, and, to yield the million kilograms requir- Close upon the beds of Minden came 8lb,e« an'1 thinking we w g	n Ql<1 woman goss ping and eating with closed, the parta set ^ the blue
with eyes that were dimmed by tears, ed.	.	I	the great naval triumph of Quiheron, it’s finished; but thu next job wi.l be «11 the free-lom of old friends, and it suits awaited, in 30 n ¦	^
gazed into the glowing embers.	But the gathering of the blossoms is where Admiral Hawke, on a lee short, jusl the same; there wiil be just was not until some days later, when a tint had disappeared run	h* _
"Oh. Aunt Matilda, your very kind- oniy the beginning of the work, for in the midst of a winter gale, with ab(>ul bQ	hard viaCb4i in it, and	handsome present arrived at the cot-	the color of the skin or	*
issirar,	szs'KnaA* k ». w« j...	ssr	*~ *•	-
were n poor girl to-dav. And vet, no— Then the making of the perfume be- harbor for which he was runn-ng, and that we could get through that job.	_^  months afterward the patient
jrssr r^rtruS	I
¦tantly possing through the girl's cover plates of glass. Three or four vasion of England.	... We mean well, in a leeble sort of way, The Queen of Roumanie, "Carmen whatever from his wound. Five years
sas R.3% : %%%
bouse and to have money at command. 0f the i»erfume that it can h«»id, for ' Old Dread naught. as his sailors but	we strike that, when that er8 t,ial H,ie 18 positively unable to .	lhe 8Pal Q( the wound re-
Under her rule Olenthorne became a the fat has a peculiar attraction for culled him—smashed in a not her French brcomvs the present work, don't we rest happily in a room where there are Xrl|nd u strong, firm, plastic tube im-very pleasant place indeed, and before tbe essential oils of t he flowers. The fleet under De la Clue.	try i«> shirk that, too I We do, indeed. no blossoms. Am to writing without mmii.itely in the "situ’1 of the com-
K^^ï^nsrS'ss	% *s$	ars   
much in love with her.	or beard, but the crude material out which extinguished all French dreams d,aVf>r8 til| to-morrow. Kind of a Las declared to b,! mine out of Hie • fs	lymphatics had so encysted
FlizahAth heard Ralph Crosby’s name ()f whirh this is afterward manufnc- of empire in the far East, while from	rabte thing to do, isn't it.	question. Nearly all her literary J . ifl a ;.,Blet becomes encysted
mentioned several times later, when tured The lard is then either sh p- across the Atlantic wis borne the wel- . yut occasionally you m-et a man works have b en composed out of * body after months of time, to ¦he went to London Re was occupied d aa jt l8 to other manufactures, come tidings of Wolfe s victory over whl> l>uta lU big b. st licks every day, doors, in a roofless room, built of	/ th l, wb,«n the tube was
npona work that was to make a name or {Alt jnfo alcohol which draws off Montcalm at Quebec.	and rejoicea Ui the labor; he doesn't rued#, and surrounded by a hedge of ’	‘	v bv the hi od this fibrous
for him. some said. Others hinted that (he ,wrfume from the fat, having a ' All the West Indian possessions of carv a continental wh.it the next day	rose bushes, in the hollows of which	e i	Wered	the original plan of cir-
he was ill, and Miss Everill wondered Wronger attraction therefore than the France were taken from her, and Spain ia g<>iug to bring io him, he ton handle	art* cunningly concealed cages full of	r ' ti
that her heart should beat so quickly ,!lfd iind the result is the finest eau was despoiled of Cuba and the Fhilip- ;t whatever it is; just now he’s en-	singing birds. The floor is of mossy	cuia " '
¦	t the sound of his name. She had re- <je co[ngne. Most of this pomade is pines. Britain was everywhere tiiuin- gagcd with to-day’s labor; and he turf. In one corner a tiny fountain solved to accent Lord Arthur. He was dipped as it stands to all parts of pliant, and when j he peace of Paris do s that up thoroughly and complete- pours forth perfumed waters; in an-rlch— much richer than she—and quite j?lirope nnd America, hut some of it was concluded in 1762, while compelled jy and 8.nr, hes out the la it nook and other swings a luxurious silken hnm-
¦	t the top nf the social ladder. Certain- / reserved, and the oils are extracted to give up much that she had covet- cranDy; he isn't trying to see what he mock, in which the Queen can rest and
ly she dil not love him; he was hard- by distilling processes, making tbe ed, she was left in excellent condi- cnn ^bb by, but what he can root out; dream. Her scat is a mossy bank, her ly a man whom any woman could re- |urPRt extracts.	tion.	and be goes home satisfied with his desk a liehened stone, carved into the
¦pert. Anyhow she did not respect him,	- HER CRITICAL HOUR.	work, and he's the one man in athous- shape of a writing table.
and yet she would marry him. They PR0FESSI0NAL DINNER TASTERS. | The next coalition was a still more and that leads all the rest and his pay were uncongenial spirits, she knew r	formidable one, the most terrible com- corresponds with bis labors.
buLwhât of that f	A curious profession for a woman is bj tj|)n of foes that Britain has ever
In such a mood she was going one that of di[)ner taster. She is a p.o- had to face. In lhe war which began
nig.T to a great ball g'^n y	duct of Parisian refinement, and with the American Revolution, nnd	.H	¦	III! Ill	I
P* mm
bri 1, hk b.^fB«wm” .nd .b. hâd He gave him a tootkpick.	»d her. France unde it a fire, non-
»
SEEMINGLY IMPOSSIBLE OPERATION WAS A SUCCESS.
Many amusing .tori*» are told of the
of royal peraonages when
mlv.'iii urea ¦¦ they have divested themselves of what
be celled their official dress nnd
A Tube of inUuown r«»m|»o»ll(oii luifrlfd for an Injured Srrllen ef One ef ibe fcrrnl lllo.nl Vessels of lhe tinman ftyslen.
ma>
In the recent medical archives In the library of St. Petersburg ie an account of a most wonderful operation
royalties themselves.
1 recounts the story of
The czar hii
performed by Knintaky, one of the greatest surgeons of the time, an operation, like which no other Is recorded. Poitinkosh, a rich farmer, cattle-raiser, and reindeer farmer, residing north of tit. Petersburg, suffered
end of the
•rill had asked.
"You retain your inheritance,' the
It is deficient on that point."
Elizabeth's mother, Miss Thorne’s iister, had run off with Paul Everill,
ly. She had held no communication with her married sister till she read
i
niece's thoughts that evening.
She was thinking of a scene that
Some old pointings had been sadly
te-
en-
I •
I couldn’t bear that !"
And the latter reflection was con-
gms
one
been
COLD COMFORT
f
Looks ns though our day was done,
S oli1 hf don’^know 1 replied Optimistic Dobbin. They'll need leather forcer-
of these autom«>,.îles, and
hides for
tain parts they'll probably use
that
out
HONEY BATHS FOR HEMS
All precious stones are purified by a
AERIAL STEAMER
His experience.
Mr. Chalkichump, engaging aspirant for the position of assistant in mill business—And what previous expvri-hnve you had, my ladf
Small-Well, sir, I ve 'elpe4 in our church, fin-
ance Jimjn
pump the organ gaged at once.
I
A NASTY CRASH
WOMAN S ART AGAIN.
Uowelvotne Suitor—That's • lovely.
always carries me away, tihuy—If 1 had known hoW mues plwjj sure It could five ns both, 1 won id bare, sung It earlier in tbs evening.
A our failure was most disastrous,
save my-
self
\

###PAGE###3###
—	m-	- g W* -	-JT
MW - *4m"*4y ,,,v« > >'-i<
7

n
V ~+
*

m-*

t
'1
f

{
r •
r



| will be constantly efriving to get nil * liberty. If they can fly they will get P over the highe.it fences, and in every P It	g *
way they eb iw ue—moru than do or	I I JO ||
dinary animals of any sort—how well vNjffl * they love t he range of field and pas *	" "*-i
ture. They should, therefore, be given all the space that can be allowed them.
A CI It AS U COMMENTS
; s/jrsj*. ..ts^jers | m mumm cmtueî
AtTI A f i'Iwo hue tu du the necessary ahuyping I ' I I i V ? Al tibout 5 i h,- hardest part ut her A POINT OVER WHICH SCHOLARS
#|day begins l irai, the evening meal,	HAVE LONG QUIBBLED
then	Mihd to be put to bed* '	¦ gIHj
tbei h • ni'iHt try ml I,h | ; v »• ly an-l ,
amuse her *1*1111»* (ill such time as he | ^	rinwmarleii Use* *h, «*»<*
Oalr It 11 «Ihh» h ad rilliflna* Am»e|
1 lie Forisuale Ones HUe Hill Bee lie# Mew Slur KUe.
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Although It 1h denied that Dr. Leyds bus requeue* Francs to mediate he-tween hie country and Great Britain, there seems to be no doubt that he was last | jvivvil officially ne the agent of the Transvaal Government by M. Oeloaeae, the French Minister for foreign Affairs. Not much elgn'u fie.nnott, however, attaches to the fact
TFI'E FARMER’S FRIENDS
HIE ART OF COOKING
It Is the opinion of many farmers that birds eat a goodly part of their crops. Not so. While a few eat a little fruit and grain, the little loss they sustain in that respect ia far out-hal-that the Transvaal agent should re- anoed by the many injurious insects receive at Paris a recognition given and WPPds they dpatroy. fiveu the much to him nowhere else, except at The despised Jay and Hague. The good sonne and discretion with which M. Delona.se handled the
I ............. .	.	,, Th* im‘x,rl8uce ul O'" ar‘ °f «00k- ehooie» to go to bed. Am to « wife's
an I this cannot l>o furnished stall.	ury is	very grout ; indeed from the	Sunday,	ev	ry	on*	who	ha» ever	been
then how much more important it it	richest	to the poorest the se entlon	tt	ctii,d	knovv*	wfaîlt	that	means.
that one does not keep too many fowls and preparation of food often bo. omes
confined within the limits of the fowl- the chief object in life
house exclusively. However well the man's tab
wh^UmT r,%ic"cd, "if ^ hen' beTn *m°unt "r	*P»red in proexcess of numbers crowd'd together,	,U,Î,"K	1 he rarest delicacies of the
the hens will reuse to lay, both cocks	season.	Art and Nature alike contri-
siid pullet» will get ill, they will lose bute to bis t heir flesh become miserable in a short time, and in no instance can they he
made to give good reiurns when thus yel	gieatly increased by
mnnugod as to their quarters. If there the knowledge of what may is but u small house, and no runs out- called trifling details ami
flock TMUPto % a.d.UL=hd,ioom0«	7nt ,‘a lhH lrt 01 ^k«ry, which
fall* to find the good it is only	because	pon»ible.	d,#p*nd much more on the manner	¦	,	,
he Is blind for on investigation he	---- °‘	a thing than on the coat | on 4 carpet will help in removing the | any problem th-	o.ii:i.,n of which de-
will find there is a wise purpose In all PARTS OF TREK BEARINGS. attending it. To cook well, there-plant, bird and animal life.	1 here are	many apple trees that bear,	lore, is immensely more important
The biology survey of the	United	,rom onB	third to one hllt “ cr°P ev*	10 the rui,ldle “'“1 working classes
Stales detriment of ngrleulture has	the portion, being barren ul- .ban to the rich, for they who live
:='== ¦milSSrS^Sars i
of species which are believed to he of grafted on the name tree and e.ipe-eoonomlo importance. In investigating Hally if the graft ng is done in a I-
—m u.iin. *...	- vi* ,i.wj-".-1™,“ ,re. s.s%. jit;. 52
other, will choose representatives of ns vv 1 11 11 !,|u NM K u	_ deslroyed the fruit at blossoming time
that faction for his colleagues Now w lat *a consumed, for it is not easy 0fl extosed k do of the tree, and
™-r	Sb
Britain; It is their organs in the Puns ‘ c a ew Humid be killed an	j be formed on those parts of the tree
pres which insult Englishmen and 8lomach contents examined. This will „„d tha hihit of bearing alternate exult over the tirit.ah reverses in ¦h"w "*«ther or not the birds ere, ^^med by accident becomes fully
South Afriea. It does not follow that *UJJt7r‘.	.
their leaders, once clothed with the “ 8 ^"^bird la seen in • gram responsibility of office, will give any '"'d or ft woodpecker is noticed in an
rIurc!,r.eX Noeuo°ubt‘g ^ füi“* **rm! bit on investigation it jTh, Lark „r a <urp u. ... TI.Hr
take advantage of England's actual found tbat	are actua“T d"
predicament if thea. could see their way to striking an effective blow. In what quarter,	however, could
such a blow be delivered? Unlike Russia, the French Republic cannot hope to attack successfully any British possession, by land. Any French expedition despatched to the Upper Nile from Weal Afnoa or from Algeria would encounter almost insurmountable obstacles in the course of its
An authoritative answer to the allah orbing question when the new ceo-tury begins has just b^eri given by Af. famille Flammarion, the distinguished astronomer and author authoritative answer his statement Sali nmd in sweeping carpets keeps | may well b* styled, since this is a
oui moths*
Sail thrown on a coal fire which is ow will revive it.
The rich h luxuriou sljr spread , i o
USES FOR SALT
Salt puts out fire in the chimney. Silt in whitewash inaktts it stick. FaII and soda are excellent for bee •tings.
pay dearly for their living. It has long been know that birds play
crow
An
important part in
Faehola Incident msy be accepted us the agricultural world, but th * « proof that England has nothing to tendency to dwell fear from French interference so long
an
necessities. The less
resources,
s-ubject on which he is peculiarly fit-t' d to speak with authority, c'hrono-Salt and vinegar will remove stains	and astronomy are cloeely a 111-
from discolored teacup».	ed, and, biing an adept astron<uner,
..............
Salt put on ink vs hen freshly spilled *P*cia.ly well qualified to grapple with
wealthy have, indeed, fewer
the harm they do and to overlook the good. God iu his w adorn seemed always to bear in mind man's comfort and interest when he made the world, and if the latter
on
•i he remains iu oifice.
be
refine
The Cabinet, however, of which M. Delcahse is a member, has a precarious lease of life; on one occasion last week It was upheld by a majority of only three votes. So heterogeneous and inharmonious are the elements composing it that few observers expect it to survive long the opening of the new year. The fall of Premier Waldeck-Rousseau will be regarded as a triumph of the anti-Revisionists. amt his
spot.
Salt in the oven under hiking tins will prevent their scorching on the bottom.
peudi ou a right understanding of
chronology.
1' noen bis statement, which Mi#* ground thoroughly, the following linages are taken:
If wo look hick at the past we will find documents of the year 1799, 1096 and lo9i) in which this subject was discussed, and a century hence, in 1999,
covers
'sweat of their	brow,"
mentally or	physically,
must	have the requisite	strength
lu	«support their labor.	Even to
WHITES HEft COMPLAINTS
Mrs. Kendal's methods of house-
keeping are worth hearing. In every room of her house hang a pencil ana *lulH. Once a day she makes a tour
of the entire house. Wherever she °ur desc*ndants will be discussing finds anything wrong she writes her the same old subject
«1?n«lal,ltMei,d 0fd,'rlH0n ,he 8la!,e n,a- “>¦ discuss ions were unusually live" «he has servante she can s,g,,ed t0 tbs particular room at fault. lnd ,.ltenrted even t„ t'#1II.r.
.he mure must"Ü"upon	EATING AND WEIGHT.	' /"V ^ *"d w,tb b “ le'
seif. To such we venture to give T. .	,	.	, ,	a	m ^ hat Ceolury Are VV e
a few general buns. A„ old say- U baH Leen	aaa^ted by Living» " This very question we of to-
irig, to bu found in one of the ear- many people that we are naturally day are again asking
EH.EfifEE SS&t
lioeeu’i b«mleer Bernpr a rtiMiennn n.	uticia| Hlîlte sucie% every in- three pounds and six ounces between t,elh century will not come in 1900,
more than compensated by the good Governments income this year, the U(j(j provihioris ljlht lH gen. , before lumh; that lunch puts on an | the contrary, it will commemorate the they do at another. Birds usually feed	equivalent In Russian money of this	erai|y the cheapest Lltli a pound	avera6« of one pound; that we again	,nfl of a 12 units.	Th-e numbvr 12 Is
upon food the most accessible, rot	flum being K0 000OX) roubles. The Rns-	of good	meat is more nutritious	^aad"''ng the afternoon an average	a Part of the dozen.	One hundred con-
¦¦¦"—- -.....- u......	' -rat “sarar ts assM
and grass, the fly-catcher confines h m- vague in reference to actual results, frehJ| Above ail where' aa income ' P°und* and two ounces to their weight, there never was a year 0 in Christian self to an entirely different element, there being every year a formal esii- js tmall and there are many to	-- CH|>
wnle the swift finds his food in tie mflte 0( the prospective Government feed, bo careful that all the nour- THE LATE MISS MARRGAT	M J	\ EAR WAS NO. 1,
UTheer practical value of birds In con-	receipt, and expenses, and a subse-	^retained the^tood	^ rlorence Marry., wa's in-	hund^th % T,he°first “ntury"
trolling insect pests should he moto	qu<m dis<*overy i hat the receipts have ;	elfeoled	by careful cooking Clean- 1	teresting, not only for her own achieve-	w?a.l^e yvaP
bÆbzm ipiüiBi MMsm üpu rnsssmwmm
fleet, a raid might be made ou Lon- The bird is the farmer's friend. The the shortage will be MX)000OOU roubles,	Church, of the Ma has S a t Coips.and hundred and first cent is the beg.n-
HEsHlHSEs
mobilizing	the	vvho.e	British	Navy,	it	|JUt these charges are without proof, appear	to take it as a matter of	Among inexperienced cultivators it is	the tobject of Spiritual! m, wrote aj	"In like inarm r the hundredth-year
Is evident	that,	long	before	a	large	The kingbird is a desirable adjunct course.	Russian imposes direct taxes	not improbable that more plams die	if’* ol ini t.i. hei, uni -..as at one vims	boiong i to the century which is dying.
body ot troop, could be concentrated |o a,^%,/%d^2% ^wî'in on '^n,c and capital invested in from .be application of raw strong	Luring Um l'IT D%lLr SL 7w7wll?\h? ho^gl.M
search of chickens or eggs, and is of	business, and	ob a.ns further revenue	fertilizers than from any other cause	ish provinces and America	with her	of the nineteenth century run out,
;ual protection to song birds that	from indirect	taxes on liquors, the	bays a writer. No long ago a neigh-	own company. 8m wa-	married •	I and at the next moment the twentieth
augur, l,oi uf mine receive ! i box of fme rose hecond ,1LQ€ to t o u.iel It r an is Lean, century will start on < ar< er."
Farmers aie prone to look with bus- matches and naphtha sold at retail plants, and, as the season was farad-	^ * -am mar ion then touches on an-
t?gat?on Tt* a f ou nd°fhat ^h«i H by ' t roeâ witbiQ lbe Wire. trum cusU.ms dut- va need, decided to start them in pole	RACE OF DWARFS.	° "We "know" mlTwbLn " but' do
are rarely molested, hut i hut when a	stamp duties, and from the sale of	on his shaded hack porch and after-	The Island of Luzon in	the Philip-	know where the new century will be-
tree is affected l>y wood-boring hr-	spirits by the	blute—what would be	ward turn them from these pots into	pines contains one of the	recognized	g,r *	*18 a ks- "W*il it b gin exacriy
E? H—H-r	E ~ -F=-==: % - rc-l %	E
preservation of timber from hordes of pudL q	flCi) ;iQ(i telegraph service	aiw l^e,â1, lml owner feared he	inches or four feet nine inches. They	Tes, but wh*-.q it ii midnight in Paris
destructive insects. Wood boring bee- g0 |uto	Government revenues. The	had not made the soil rich;' enough. So	dwell among the mountains in the in-	iL.ly 1 a.in., in Vienna. Will tb- Aus-
ties make boles in the trees, then there expenditures include two items which he supplemented its fertility with a terioi oi tfcn- island, and are allied to lI1,iri,s 1 1 h^gin the cen ary b‘‘•’ore
ru 1-,t- r *"5	«.... „ sa-ss .=-tviuid sr-rszs? " “* -" "—
her insular colonies, with the pos- lodge and devour these; destroying in-	U^rUJtLaEKN aaI bV A.-- hes-id "until there < arne a he ivv |na(,0t 8slble i«arts of the continems or
EE™	V"
of reprisal would be to inflict some .	f bea.ltv h... hn,.n dill- «landing national debt of $(XX),0ü0,i>0a, weeks later when the roots of (ho dear, delightful créaiures, who pro- ^ iHand of \«sso the inhabitants of
; EE;E f£wa EF—EHF3 SSSSSSSS
survd, however sympathizing with the	re instances There whole fields eee.l the receipts, not occasionally, but strong .losing as those uhet grow in for the young man.	dun.aand the inhabitant, of New Z.a-
Anglopbobia	o£	its	supporters,	would	„f potatoes	have i>een almost complete-	always, aud during the last eight	the g r.len. Garden plants suffer oft-	This is the hottest	room I	ever got
r«n ure to plu. ge France,	single	hand-	ly riddled	by this beetle, when -he	years there has not been une m which	enest from raw fertilizer, placed be.	Into, he exclaimed at	last as	he	wiped
k,. m.	* ...u	g—ansf $*. iSLa SBJfrsSijr “ b**° - .rsr&Jt 2s s .te «
as I })e f,,imd.	Another country. Iu which there top with any fertilizer that happens to have to throw up—
The. brown thrasher is another bird	18 a considerable amount of wild gov-	be most convenient and plan s thereon	Whn-B-tf
that is of	great benefit around the	«ruinent financier, judged from the	some unoffending shrub or perennial.	—the window, he went on.
toU-« b, lb, Ku„U= militer,	- *"	52 .K“"î’ lb: b%'if ±.'%' ZKTL.%
—HrTSH?
bis SKsaSat-es»^	H
binds the former country to hike pari he seen what nn effect a number of pend it urea. A few years ego U-e i H1 1 **-18.80,.h OUld e vxe'1
B,, n%'Tr.Z:17i,f'a Zr	w ,
............ ' '
difference is too obscure to lie remdily ntent operations, aril are entirely ex- And foi gie.iter safety it is an tnvarl-recognized. While sparrows arc not- elusive of the revenues derived from 'He rule among successful gni len rs by France. Russia might be depriv- I ed seed eaters they do not confine loans or t he sums app.led to t hvir pay- 0 ’hi' )	'l11 Vi 1 l/,t'.rrt llh: , 1
Ihemeelves to a vegetable diet. They ment.	, „ k	Mj "«ter a good watering with pure
eat. many insects, comprising/some in- The int licacids of lui kish and -si»au-lurlous beetles, bugs and w.isr>e. lflh f1 ounces have 'ong been a source In treating of the value of birds this of wonder to fin .n iere and Turkey ex.
veeds Spain in the variety of novel methods in government business. The
present deb of Turkey is (tiûO.t'OOOL'U, | m;ddny the majority A husbands tell and the Turkish practice of mortgaging the mon desirable item-, or revenue explains, to some extent at least, the difficulty experienced in
the pour, whose very life uepead.s upon the produce of the hard earned dollars cookery . est imiHjrtnnue. Every wife, mother or sister snuuid be a good plain cook
direct th'‘m
of the great*
A century ago
TREASURY DEFICITS ABROAD.
He
rommemo-
as we
near Boulogne or any other French port, a number of warships sufficient to protect the Channel could he rided, without recalling any of the vessels now stationed or cruising in the Mediterranean. The project of Invasion, which Napoleon Bonaparte Was unable to carry out. is not likely te l> executed by the pie out French Republic.
chief
tobacco,
may nest near
item,
pro-
vv a
RUSSIANS WILL BE FIRST
on
laud and of tho little inland of C'hat-I ham, in the Pacific Ocean.
"The people on this island will be able to greet the new century before any one else, but it is not probable that a similar privilege will again be theirs for the reason that there is not likely to be a living soul on the island a century ben e. A hundred years ago there were 2,003 men there, and in 1830 there were 1,500. Five years later, however, a number of Maoris visited the island and ruthlessly b'gan to destroy the inhabitants. Jn 1870 here were only 200 persons on the island, and at present there are hardly more than 50.
"Let every one, however, remember distinctly that the twentieth cen-
tory	m
I ul’ ra.	! midnight of December 31, 1900. The
Said.' Mrs. Parvenu to Mrs. Smith n | Asiatics wi 1 begin to enjoy it before f* w hours later.:—	I Europeans, and Europeans before Am-
ericans. No one can obtain 1 he privilege of being the very first t » greet it—that is, unless he is willing to travel to the distant island of Chatham and join the handful of inhabitants in Caller—Y oui next door neigh! ors I 'I1‘- fit a P»ean of welcome to the new From Monday morning till Saturday appear to he very quiet people.	cycle."
Mrs. Spinks—Yes, the walls are very | FLAMMARION DEPRJ XTI WAR. bin and I s’i thi in things keep quiet to hear what we say.
to be ns disastrous to her at sea was the war of 1870 on land pose, however, that the Czar could he
Sup-
1TUVATE
U no reason to suppose the so-called alliance between France and Russia
GARBLED
no plus
Russia iu a venture, the gravest risks of which would have to be confronted
H v' you st'en Mrs. Hy ton’s winter wrap? It's a new plush ulster.
•<1 of Vladivosto k and Fort Arthur, though it is by no means certain that
\ NEIGHBORLY VIEW
those strongly for tilled harbors would
not be able to resist i\ naval a i la k | article has considered them mainly
as insect destroyers, hut as H*»ed eaters they perform a useful function test were prolonged, would be likely | which has never ) i fully appréciât*
to lose every island and coaling at a lion which she possesses on the gtobe Then, again, the Nary and the ocean
WOMAN’S SU NDAY
France, on the other ,and, if the con
M. Flammarion concludes by expressing the hope that during the coming era a satisfactory pian will be discovered of putting an end to all international wars. It is earnestly to bo hoped also, he says, that c vilized nations will uni e in efforts to fur;her the cause of humanity.
Some of the most noted statisticians sud chronologies of the day have maintained during the last few months that the present century will not end Tommy—Pop a pi tywright is a man I until die close of this year. M. I'lam-who writes plays, isn't he ?	mar ion, as we see, is of the same way
Tommy’s father—Yes. my son.	of thinking, and them Is little doubt
Tommy—Then is a wheelwright a man that his lucid exposition uf the subject will have much weight with those who knew how well qualified he Is give a decisive a newer In matters this kind.
you they are hard at work. They rise at ti, 7, or 8, and, having eaten break- I fast, get to business. At midday, comes an hour for dinner and rest. | Tlu*a work fills uj» the time till 5,6, or 7. The evening they claim as their awful rest after a hard day's bread-1 \inning. When two of these hard-
ed. All over the country i here is a vast number of these seed enters at work
during the colder months reducing	, .
next year's crops of more than useless collecting the various items of in-
bor n commerce of France are vulner I weeds. It in evident t hit 1 i 1 ever- com,‘ on” oî	»• u lux 0,1 «keep,
else an Important influence upon the another a tax on fishermen, and oth-sgrlcultural welfare of the country items co'I,actable from the profits they inhabit.	*	on the sale of tobacco and payments
We cannot close this article without for exemption from military service.
In many European countries the danger of a surplus to confront the government fin mt iers is not a source of any recurring embarrassment. They cone to be better used to an annual deficit. The ordinary method of providing for the shortage is to issue bonds, and when the interest on these cannot be met the rate of interest is arbitrarily reduced.
AN ARCTIC INCIDENT.
I'm, after you. cried the hunter.
I don’t give a wrap, retorted the
Able points for which there are no Russian equivalents. Id a word,
seal.
Thereupon he skinned off
France would burn her fingers, while
If any chestnuts were secured, they | impressing the farmer with the great
importance of protecting and encouraging bird life about the farm. Build nesting boxes about the premises, and the bluebird, martin, wren and swallow will soon make themselves at home with the farmer, and not only perform valuable labor for him, but will gladden the hearts of evecy one with musical notes and make life brighter and better by their presence.
r * * u ra	y almost .nviri
ably
OUR LANGUAGE
ner or lal*r, sneer or joke • lazy live * women lead.
If th * head of a bouse rises
would fall to Russia's share exclu
•ively.
abou; i Listen

HER POSITION.
When she had finished her remarks relative to something he had done that <id not meet her approval, he spoke.
1 don’t see why you should want woman suffrage, he said. You already hold office.
What office? she demanded.*
Speaker of the house, he replied.
ai Ch;svufe must rise at 5In order to
have his breakfast ready on a clean) who writes bicycle news ?
husband leaves for business, and hia|HE(;OT VALERIAN AND BROMIDE wife settles down to the necessarily	.	,	,
dull routine of housework. At the Hospital physician, with a view to
midday meal she moat probably has to diagnosis—'What do you drinkÎ	Don't fool with • wasp because fc»
attend to the wants of two or three New M-ient, cheering up at the pro happens to look weary and tired** children. In the afternoon she must	sir!—think you. sir—what- you’ll probably find biro sU right hi
call on her neighbors in order to keep evef fw*—* leave that to you, sir.	the end.
:
able in a cleanly swept room
t
An old bachelor says when a woman goes gunning for a husband she) arms herself with a curling-iron and a box of smokeless powder.
GIVE PLENTY OF ROOM.
If fowls are too closely confined t hey

###PAGE###4###

m
1
Agents :—A rich ana golden haryeet for you. The war in South Africa is the Moodiest of the century. Wv have the only Canadian hook ; by Cast ell Hop-kina and Murat Halstead ; the recognized historical wav writers. Our representatives in South Africa and London supply direct news and pictures of battle scenes. It is authentic and gives information Canadians want.
Now is the time to
Death of Hon George Bryson, sr
THE EQUITY.
Hash is King.
Hon. George Bryson, formerly member of the Legislative Council of this Province, died at his residence, Fort Ooulonge on Saturday morning the 13th inet.
Hon. George Bryson was born in Fais h y, Scotland, 1813. He came to Canada in 18*21. settled in Ramsay, Lanark, Unt., but he afterwards removed to Pontiac ity, Quebec, where ho engaged in lumbering operations. He was mayor cf
Mansfield for a considerable period, and
He was
called to the Legislative Council of Quebec in 18«>7, and occupied a seat there
until 1887.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS,
SHAWVILLE.
SHAWVILLE, JAN, 18, 1900.
EDITORIAL NOTES
OooooooooooOovooooooooo MY TERMS ARE
o STRICTLY CASH, o o	°
OooooooooooOooooooooool)
By ailhering closely to this rule It omvl vn to do watch ami clock repairing, and sell everything in my line at
o
o
Everybody buys commence work.
o
The byeieîectione for the Dominion parliament take place on February L\>:h, nominations t > take place a week earlier.
o
o
con
o
Sleighs,
o
o
Bradley-Garrktson Co., Limited,
Brantfuvd, Ont
o
also warden of Pontiac county
Agents:- People are clamoring for an authentic history of the Boer-British We have n big, cheap book, by two of the best historical war writers of the world, sumptuously illustrated by photographic views taken cm the spot. The only British Canadian book perivnee or capital unnecessary.
Thk Linscott Pvm.isiiiNo Company,
Toronto.
Wanted: Three young men for special work. Teachers or educated men preferred.
The Linscott Pvblishinu Company,
Toronto
Agents : Our I took on South Africa ami the Boer British War is a regular bonanza for agents. Big cheap Book. Sells on sight, t hit tit free to canvassers. The Linscott Pvflwhisu Company.
Toronto.
Premier “ Hugh John’s ” first act was to redeem his pledge to the Manitobans that he would cut down the number of cabinet ministers in undertaking the Government of tho Province. And be mny be trusted to carry out bis program of economics to the end of the chapter. In this regard he will differ materially from the premier of 11 Sunny ways fame.
wav
me
The fimer.it of the late Mr. Bryson took place at 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning, the Itith inst., and was the largest witnessed in this county. It is estimated that at least 2,000 people attended and but a small number of these could gain admission to the Presbyterian church to hear the touching tributes paid to the deceased by the resident pastor. Rev. Mr. Vrombiv, and the former pastor Rev. Mr. Handier.
,	. . .	. ..	¦ A special train conveyed a large mini-
e4uip and maintain at his own expense, a ^ fv^m , ,ttawa and ()ther points along
force of 400 Canadians for service in South ple pllVf jUU4,n^ whom were Messrs
Africa, places that nobleman foremost in Poupore. M. 1‘.; 1
the rank of Canadian patriots. Of course Burn, John Mather, .Imlge ^t. Julivn.
it may, and doubtless wilt be stated in	j,pron’nnout me.t‘
some (quarters that Strathcona having almost unlimited wealth at his dispos al, hits upon this idea as an additional method of increasing his laurels as a prince of philanthropists; But when one considers that it means the expenditure of a fortune which only a comparative few of our countrymen can command, the spirit of generosity which has prompted such a gigantic project must surely not fail of unbounded admiration from all classes.
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
Sloops
Kx
ever
x
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
Our goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every time........
Tho offer of Lord Strathcona to raise*
Cutters
GOODWYN
and
w.J
Xlex. Fraser, George
-The Watchmaker-
ARNPRIOR,
ONT.
... to be sold at...
WANTED!
TENDERS FOU CHEESE-MAKE^.
THE MARKETS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, Mandat'd) at mill, IV» to 70v. Oat< per bushel, 21 to 25c.
Pease per bushel, 51 to 5tk*.
Kggs, per dozen, 15c.
Butter, per pound, 10 to 17c.
Wool, per pound, 18 to *2tk. liny, per ton: $0.00 to $7.00. Calfskins, 50 to 00c.
Pork, per 100 Iks., $1.00 to$1.85. Beans, per bush., $1.00 to $1.10. Hides, per 100 pounds, $7.50 to $7.75 Pelts, each, 50 to 7V.
Turkeys per lb. 7J to Sc.
Geese per Ik 5 to Oc.
Chickens per lb. 5 to Oe.
I)mks, per Ik 0 to7c.
OTTAWA MAT»?
I
Sealed Tenders marked “ Tender " will he received by the undersigned up till Friday, Feb. 0th. 1000. for a competent Cheese maker for the Lily Cheese and But ter Company, for the season of 1000. Applicant to state what he will manufacture cheese for per 100 lbs. and furnish his own supplies ; or how much wages he will lake per month to make the cheese and furnish his own supplies. Cheese maker is to weigh and keep an accurate account of all
"w «'Sb ff'.;:;:1 bed book mois.
nient ; also to make first-class Cheese that will command the highest market price.
The !io\,'>t "v any tender not n wily accepted
i
SMART & SMITH S.

Fall and winter Tsme Table
Taking effect Oct. 10, 1890
6.20	p.m
9.20	a m
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 ami 2, dally except Monday.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. C. Arnoidl, Ticket Agent, !»i Spark tit., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
V. W HESkKMAN.
^ Uen'l tiup’t.
The speedy acceptance of the offer by the Government and its sanction by the Imperial authorities indicates that it was considered too big a thing to be lightly treated, while the fact itself furnishes the needed opportunity of sending an additional force of the right stamp of men evidently required in the arduous ta?k of vanquishing Boerdom.
The regiment will be raised in the Northwest, selected from experienced horsemen and crack shots -men who have undergone every form of hardship and know how to endure it, and who from the character of their occupation, should prove an invaluable adjunct to the But ish cavalry where scouting and skirmish• ing are necessary. Our Northwest boys may be expected to give a good account of themselves in South Africa.
/
11.11. ELLIOTT,
President Lily i ’. & B. Co
We are Agents for
Slmwvillv P. 0„ Oui
o
WANTED.
TENDERS FOR SECRETARY.
Official Time Table :
OTTAWA
Eggs per dozen. 2d to 28c.
Butter in pail, (1st quality* 20 to 22i Butter in prints, 22 to 25c Chet
Beef per WO lbs.. $3.00 to Lamb per lb., 0 to he.
Mutton per Ik. I» to 8c.
Veal per Ik, 4 to 8c.
Pork, heavy. $5.00.
Pork, light, $5.00.
Live hogs, select $1.011.
Live hogs, heavy, $3»50.
Hides per 100, $7.00 to $7 Oat- per bushel, 2," to U0<
Potatoes* per bag, 05c.
The Winchester
a.*
PM
Arrive 9 lr>
Aylmer tBreekenridge ?' Kurd ley Parker'* Crossing f Mohrs Quyou Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol McKee’* tihawvllie Clark’*
Campbell** Bay ?Tank Î* Vinton Coulonge Melltn'a Waltbum
5.45 Leave
W 21
HIM
Temfcr" will
•.08
Sealed tenders marked he received, addressed to the undersigned
up to Friday, the 0th day of February, 10U0. fora Secretary for the Lily Cheese & Butter Company, for the season of 19U1. The person applying for this situation is to keep all books belonging to the Corn-pan v ; till but all cheques for money : keep an accurate account of everything, and do nil other work pertaining to this otttce. Parties tendering to state what salary they expect.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted
6.12
8. .58
8.18
per lh.. 12 to l:k
8.50
c
6 28
Rifle
8.40

%.V
su*
l f BALLARD & MARLIN
6
55
8.28
M
6.47
«»
H.14
I.M
U
80S
S.5S
8 02
7.04
7.52
28
7.31
45
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDougall & cuzner,
7.18
6.00
7.16
103
7.08
S. 12
H 54
3.30
« 39
1.17
I>n ve
0
)
1.53 Arrive
•Flag .Station. tTank. t'Flag »8;wimi
11. II. ELLIOTT.
President Lily C. & B. Co
HUGH JOHN’S CABINET
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
Shaw ville P. O. Que
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
Those Who Will Administer Affairs in Manitoba for Some Years to Come.
D. WILSON’S,
P. W. RESSEMA N,
GENKRAL HU I* KKI XT END K N T
CEO. HYNES,
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE
The Popular Store for
Winnipeg, .Tan. 10.—The new cabinet was sworn in this morning and is made up
as follows: Hon, II. .I. M:ic \ mall, pree	.	„	, .
ident executive council, attorney-general, UI101C6 UOnl6CL10U6ry, municipal commissioner, railway commissioner and minister of education; John Audrew Davison, provincial treasurer, minister of agriculture and immigration aud provincial land commissioner; David Henry McFadden, minister of public works and provincial secretary; Colin H.
Campbell, James Johnston and R. P.
Roblin, ministers without portfi Los. The date of the by elections will be fixed later.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT DEC. 4, 1893
EASTERN DIVISION.
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
-ALSO -
it
o
ORIGINAL IN EVERY F EAT l RE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HI NTING.
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SV. ALL GAME SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES.
tt
SMOKELESS. HAMMERLESS SIX SHOOTER,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1-2 HOURS.
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed
free
Write for Catalogue and Circulars
IN UNDERTAKING
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY;
UTICA. New York. U. S. A
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
L«M âl -st^p* at all in-4 tmnedtate «talion*. Ar Valley rtvld, couue« ts Co
LORD STRATHCON A S SPLENDID OFFER.
afUOA.M
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
Montreal 9.50 a. in
for Cornwall and points west
Limited stops Altxm-e aiiti only, Anivvs M'.ntrrat 11 15a in. Pullman parlor * ar attached.
9. u 4 X i A1 Sundays only atop* at U	axil • intermsdiate ütatlon*.
.iîrtvr» Montreal 11.55 a. in. Pullman parlor car alla» lied
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
a 8.45 A.M
Will Send a Battalion Himself.
Notice is hereby given tlmt the partner ship heretofore subsisting Let ween the un dersigned. earn ing on business in the vil |age of Slmw vi He, as lumber manufac tuvvrs under the name and style of “ El liott & Burlier,'* lifts l>evndissolved hy tual consent. All debts owing to the said late firm are to be paid to the undersigned John G. Elliott, by whom also, all claims against the same will lie settled.
Dated at Shaw ville this fit h day of January. 191*1
TENDERS WANTED
Tub Raising and Maintenance for a Y gin Would Cost About Half
a Million.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
FOR
for ltnck'aid
Lor.il
e and lut itv [ ta. Limited-Stops Alexandria aud Coteau Jit. ro. Pullman parlor trains for Quebec,
a 9.40 A.M a 4.20 P.M.
mu
Cedars and Lumber.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Sealed Tenders addressed to the undersigned will be received up till Monday the 5th day of February, 1900. for Cedars of
the following sizes :
25 Cedars. 21 feet long 10 inches at top
only. Arrive* Montreal U.50 l> r at ta i. < « W with p .rtlanl. Halifax and all point* vast of Montreal. Fur Vallevfteld and all points south of the 8t. Lawrence River, St. Albans. Burlington, etc: Arriving Boston 7 a. m., New York 7.20 a. in. Ha* through Wignvr sleeping ear. Ottawa to New York.
/• ,)w i>	Local—stop* at intermv.li-
l)s*Je) 1 elVIs ate atstloas. Arrive Montreal 0.4Û p. m. Connect* at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Ha* Pulltuan car to Montreal.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot . m a» 4 -If	Local—from Rock lard
S,	AalHi and intermediate point*.
a 11.20 A.M.
England and New York point», Montreal, leaving at
Stop at local stations. Has Wagner
Lord Strathcona has offered to the Imperial government, through the Canadian government, to raise in Canada two squadrons of 200 each, or 400 in all, to gu to South Africa at his own expense. A1! that the High Commissioner asks is that the machiner} of the Department of Ma litia be extended to him to aid iu enrolling, outfitting and equipping the men, and he will pay out of his own pocket the entire cost.
(Signed.) -T. 0. ELLIOTT
\VM. BARBER
end
Witness, G. W. Dali:.
Noth -All parties indebted to the late firm of Elliott & Burlier are requested to settle upon or before the 1st day of March next
25 Cedars 20 feet long, 8 in. at top end 300 Cedars 15 feet long 8 in. -10,000 feet of 2-inch Cedar Flank
Thanking the publlic for past patron-I respectfully solicit a continuance of
to be
evenly cut and not less than 0 inches wide and to lie in lengths of five, ten or fifteen feet.
age
the same
PATENTS
L G. ELLIOTT
J. a. McGUIRE.
Also, 2,000 feet of good sound inch pine Lumber.
All must be delivered on t he Corporal ion lot in the Village of Shaw ville on or I* fore the First day of April, 1900.
G. F. HODGINS,
Mayor
[PROMPTLY SECURED|
The regiment will be raised in the Northwest. This would give an opportunity to a large number who were disa-pointed In the west at not getting with the present contingent. It will also afford a chance for parties from British Columbia who were so anxious to go the front, that the provincial government made an offer to the Dominion government to forward and equip them at the expense of the pro* vince.
A military expert, speaking on the subject sud that the raising of the regiment, sending it to Africa, and maintaining it for a year, would cost Lord Strathcona over half a million dollar*.
A civilian, who says that what he does not know about military matters would till a book, figures the cost to Lord Sirath-cons thus:
4< 0 men, ou'fit at $100 each, total $40,-
y HE
7.30 a. m. buffet oar New Yorkto Ottawa
Write for our interesting books " Invent- I or's Help" and “How you are swindled. / Send u* a rough sketch or model of ycur t
invention or improvement and we will tell ( you free our opinion as to whether it is ( probably patentable. We make a specialty l of applications rejected in other hands, r Highest references furnished.	(
MARION ft MARION	)
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS 5
Civil A Mechanical Fngine*rs. firidostes of the r Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelors in # Applied Sciences. Laval VmveMlty, Members / Patent Law A*e	An r.m Water W orks I
Association, Now Rowland Water Works Assoc. ) P, q. Suivvyors As*«N-ution, Assoc. Member Can. ) Society of Civil Kugincers	J
J NEW YORK LIFE B LO'C.. MONTREAL CAN. ( ( ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C. <
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
I. R. HORNER
Limited — fmm Montreal and nls.
- t, îeaviüK'there at 9.40 a.m: Stops at Alexai only. Ha* Pullman varier ear.	.	,
i* O% 1)	Limited—from Montrent
cl	1 # jVl* leaving 4.05p. n*. Stop*
at Alexandria only. Ha* Pullman parlor car. ffc 1 w II	DailV— Local— from Inter-
«!, | •) 1 vie mediate point*. Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto and points west. Ha* Pullman parti <ai.
a 12.10 NOON
Sec.-Trea*
PORTAGE DU FORT
Roller Mill
Wanted !
2,000 Cords
Gentlemen :
Having Wight out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, •»xcep#. Sunday)
Trains leave Ottaw* Central Depot :
O 1 ^	4 Af F'T Arnprior. Renfrew,
<i# I •>	Kgs n vil le Pembroke, Bury'*
lia\, Whitney. Csuœ Wke. fairy Sound and intsr-tuediate point*.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROVGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
Spruce and Balsam
OFFICES
PTTLPWOOD!
My Motto :
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Prompt attention to business. No
For Arnprinr Renfrew, Hg e an ville, Pembroke, and in
4.40 P.M
delivered at any point along the Quyon river. Also
Any quantity of Spruce Pulpwood
delivered at any point on either bank of the Ottawa river between Quyon village and Black river; or on the Bernard Creek or Cou longe river, for which
THE HIGHEST MARKET PRICE
will lx? paid.
Time of delivery not Inter than March 15th
1900.
All wood to he measured on the banks of the rivers and streams mentioned.
First Quality Flour.
disappointments to patrons
termed late pointa
O00
1
My Determination :

'ATENTS
Mixed train for Arm-rior Renfrew. Eganville, Madt
400 men, arms at 850 each, @20,000. 400 horses, cost 8100 each, 840,000. 400 horses, outfit at 850, $20,000. Traueportation of men to Africa and tack, say 8200 per man, @80,000 Ditto, hoises to Africa, $100 each, 840,•
1.00 P.M.
To turn out a class of work that will bear successful comparison with the very best; u class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
weeks mid io term'd is t* station*.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot
Fmm Pembroke, rgan* ville, Renfrew, Amprbr
/-t‘* Farmers favoring tills Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment In every respect.
11.10 A.M.
Trade Marks ^¦¦1^ Designs rTfrv Copyrights &c.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention la probably patentable. Communication» strictly contidentlal. Handbook on Patents eent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Mann A Co. receive iprcial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
tod Intermediate points
From Parry hound, Pembroke, Eganville, Renfrew
5.35 P.M.
JOSEPH BROWN,
( mu
Am prior and intermediate point*
Pay, 400 men at 50 cents per day, 365 day», $73,000.
Maintenance, 400 men, at 50 cents per day, $73,000.
Maintenance, 400 hoises, at 50 cents per day, $73,000.
Contingencies snd extras, Bay $20,000.
Grand total,[$479,000.
No horses would be brought back from South Africa, and the sale of them would bring in something.
Mixed train fr<>hi Mad»wax ka. Eganville, Rtnfiew, Am
Proprietor
3.00 P.M.
prior ami Intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
FOR SALE:
Central Demi Eimll Homs Block.
V quantity of
J. W. CQIV|BA, tailor.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest Hr-eolation of any scleutiQc journal. Terras. Sit a year: four months. |l. gold by all newsdealers.
NUNN Î Co.»--—- New York
Branch ODoe 920 F St. Washington, D. V
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook *
a Trains run dally except Sunday b Sunday only.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
WILSON & ARGUE.
leurs
(McArthur's building. Main St
Shawvillé, Nov. 20. ldW

###PAGE###5###
'
y
7

V


J AS. HOPE A: Co.
VfAXUFACTlJRINO STATIONERS,BOOKHEL
IVJL lera, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f tus Ottawa Auxiliary BlblcSoclety,Ottawa,Ont.
THE EQUITY,
January 1900
STOCK-TAKING
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISH ED 1VMRY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ublleher.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY FOU THE
N ° UE LI A NUE Y/Va N AND HAVINGS
CU.,OF ONTARIO.
Out of A CAR LOT of the
NjOST BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED CUTTERS
SALE Î
MONEY TO LOAN ON KÀ8Y TKKMH.
BRYSON.
Will l>e in Shttwvillv on Tuesday of every week.
QUE.
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES :
U'gal advertising, eight cent* per line for first l nier Mon and four cent» per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per lino for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three rents per Hue.
Ever brought to this County
Only ^ were left to tell the tale.
Others are coming in to re-tw place them.
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OK THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District uf Pontiac. Oflice. Main Ht Bnawvllle.
A-1 counts collected and prompt returns made.
Big Discounts in all Dry Goods Stocks during1 the next 20 days
COMMENCING JANUARY 10th, 1900.
•I
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
The man who does or does not want to buy may find in the list below something in his neighbor may w ant :
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Lumber of All Kinds Bo# and Soli
Sleighs, Sloops, (factory and hand made);
Harness, Bells, Boots, Brushes, Bandages, Blankets, Bits, Robes, Cushions, Collars.
Plows, Disc Harrows, Seeders, Rollers, Cultivators, Mowers, Rakes, Tedders, Hay Forks and Slings, Washers, Wringers, Daisy & Buttercup Churns,
J. W. Mann Giant and Champion Seeder, Coulthard & Scott and Frost & Wood Machinery.
Wartman & Ward’s Provender Grinders and
Pulpers on hand.
Machinery, Paint and
JOB PRINTING.
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commlaalon Bualnesa a Specialty.
We are getting ready for Stock-taking and are ready to sacrifice all profits in order to effect a large clearance. Remember you can save money by calling early and receiving first choice in the following lines :
\\\ Furs, Ladies Jackets and N|antle Cloths, Every yard of Dress Goods reduced, Blouses and Wrapperettes, all Hosiery aqd Underwear, Blankets, Flannels and Heavy Tweeds, Ready-made Clothirjg, Overshoes, Mits and Moccasins, Horse Blankets, Bells and Hugs.
\\\ Notion and Fancy Goods...
... at Great Sale Prices !
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher.
Business Cards.
RKrXRKXt KS DV PERMlitHlOX :
Denis Murphy, Pres. Ottvwa Transportation Co. K. W* Awry., Hull LumU'r Co.
J. T. Shtrrltf, K H. Bd.iy Co.
Latrhford A McDougall, Banisters.
John Henry & Hons,
II N. Rite 1 .Sou.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.D..C.M.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SN|ITI|, Proprietor.
s
Graduate of Mc Gill University,*
OIHca-Residence of the late Dr. H. II Knox, Shaw ville.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
Sewing Machine Oil
f
The spot spot for -
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of^Trtntty University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ormn and Residence : J. H Arimtro*o,«i House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILLK.
A Fashionable Hair Cut,
5
Goon Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
X<r Your Turn next.
À PPLICATION will I».* marie 1») the Pontiac Pacific ./unction Railway Company to the Parliament of Canada, at its next session, for an Act authorizing it to construct, and operate a railway from at or near Quyon or Shawville to Pembroke, and to construct branches of its railway not exceeding thirty miles.
A. FEHGl\SON, Solicitor for the Company.
Dated 7tli December, 18ÎW.
LEGAL.
Here We Are !
X
lX
I
B0URBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L
rs
.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
1
WE EXPECT A CONTINUED RUSH FOR THE BALANCE OF THE MONTH.
Come early and secure first choice and attention.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Shawville every Monday.
y
and
WILL VISIT
JEWELLER
TtljP1
f
V
9 <•' 4,
!*
WM. GAMBLE,

m

KhKr ;
L A Sfü.r.i T STOCK OF
\ WATCHES,
¦ CLOCKS,
Ü JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE Ac. Jtc.
M
rn;'
i
Jr
u $
m

BARRISTER, &o.,
150 Main Street,.........
At Shawville, eecond and fourth Thursday
of each month.
ce-over G. F. Hodgln»' Store, Main St.


me
Hull.
the G, F. HOGGINS
Departmental Store.

TTNE demande sera adressée au parle-U mint du Canada, ;i sa prochaine session, par la Compagnie de chemin fie fer Pontiac et Jonction du Pacifique, afin d'obtenir un acte l'autorisant a construire et exploiter un chemin de fei partant de ou pros de Quyon ou Shawville et allant jusqu’à Pembroke, et construire ries em branchements de son chemin di* fer n’excédant pas trente milles.
A. FERGUSON, Solliciteur de la Compagnie.
Daté le 7 décembre, 1«SÎW,
1
fr
r
wm





m
Itue vnixfi—

i>£i

aSi-F.iIALITY.
ARTHUR McUOXXELL.
SHAWVILLE, Q.

« TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, A. tiuc, will, atrequeit.atteodallcourU In tbe'ilHtrlct. Alloorreepondenctprompt-
lyw”nbe'atSUâwvmtflritThuredajofeàcb month.
Always ahead for
LOWEST PRICES BIGGEST ASSORTMENT BEST GOODS, in
WANTED!
CEO. C. WRIGHT, TENDERS FOR CREESE-MAKER.
f
It id expected that largo shipments of •ire will be made from the Hull iron mines at no distant date.
Lord Roberts and General Kitchener arrived at Cape Town on Wednesday last.
FOR SRLE.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que .
(Old Registry Office,opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attended to.
“Tender" will
Sealed Tender» marked be received by the undersigned, up till Saturday. iFeh. 3rd. IWN'. for n comptent Cheese-maker for the Clarendon Cheese and Butter Company, for the season of BRIO. Applicant to state what he will manufacture cheese for per 1 (JO 1 h», and furnish his own supplie- : or how much
¦ i m,mt h to make i he his own supplie». Cheese maker is to weigh and keep an accurate account of all milk brought to the factory, weigh and box all cheese leaving it ready for shipment ; also to make first-class Cheese that will command the highest market price.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily ted,
ress all tenders to
o

?
STOVES,
TINWARE, AGATEWARE, PIPES, &c.
Shropshire Ram Wnb», registered or otherwise, to suit the purchaser. Also Berkshire Boar, registered.
Jhese animals will be sold cheap for
cash.
Oct. 31/90.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
The Shawville
HOWARD BROWNLEE,
Clarendon.
Indians to Fight for the Queen.
SASH and HOOK
wages he will take m cheese and furnish
W. W. IRELAND,
Winnipeg, Jan. 11.—A regina despatch says. “ It is stated here that Commissioner Herchmer, of the Northwest Mounted police, will take fifty full blooded Indians with him to the Transvaal, to in addition the men already going. He has no doubt recognized how useful these men will be in Africa for scouting purposes. The Indians he has chosen are all young men and good riders.
District and Country.
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court.
Deeds,
— ALL KINDS OF—
v-V./V'-V'
«tu.
faclorlly.
Interior & Exterior
Seventy persons,—all on board—lost their lives in the wrecking and burning of a vessel ot! the coait of Newfoundland on Thursday.
Archbishop Gauthier, Kingston, has given 825 and his blessing to the patriotic fund for the Kingston detachment of the second Canadian contingent going to South
Africa.
Wr. W. W. Ogilvie, the well known wh*at king of Montreal, dropped dead on Friday last while returning home from a meeting of the shareholders of the Bank of Montreal. He was 05 years of age.
M
Now on hand a fine range of all kinds of.........
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
MAXUK.VTVKED.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
accent
Add
Cook Stoves,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T> AILIFF of the superior court
Jl> Shawville . Que., respectfully solicits gagenaeutsfor auy business In connection with all Courts In the County. Collections
niAdeandp'-omptreturnsaHsured
ROBERT SMART. President C. V & B. Co.
Box Stoves, Parlor Stoves,
Packman P. O., (Jue
noons, sami, newel posts, dressed
LUMBER, &r. k ,
Krpt in stock ami made to or ler.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POVULARVKICES.
• I
eu
KILLED AND ATE SEAMEN.
At prices running from
WANTED!
TENDERS FOR SECRETARY.
2 50 up
Horrible Tale of Cannibalism, Crew of British Ship Being the Victims.
%
»
GENERAL

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Note that :
J. J. TURNER,
tsr This is the place to get the BIGGEST PRICE for your Hides and Pelts, ns we ship direct to the large dealers.
Sealed tenders marked “ Tender' will l>e received, addressed to the undersigned up to Saturday the 3rd day of February. 1900, for a Secretary for the Clarendon Cheese Si Butter Company for the season of 1000. The person applying for this situation is to keep all l>ooks Monging to the Company ; till out all cheques for money ; keep an accurate account of everything, and do all other work pertaining to this office. Parties tendering to state what salary they expect.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Loudon, Jan. 9.- Mail advices from New Britain report the massacre of the
A Wright ii Pre.ident and Manager, scaped and the native., after murderm and Mr Howard Wright i. Secretary the .ailor,. inaugurated a fea.t a,here an
Treaeurer.	ate the,r v,ctun'-
Estimate» furnished.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like
a “1 r i I ml latte ,%n,	=
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub-
Z, „S!“x Ta^/c ? ' a » % ^'on
hand for sale; Office: Shawville, Que.
mil
of an
C. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
THE HELL ELECTRIC CO.

3
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, daily, Sundays included.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
An Earthquake
msm
Mr. J. C. Stewart, the popular principal of the Pembroke Public School, presented by hie pupils with a beautiful silver smoking set and a nicely worded address as a holiday gift, and Miss Olive Beatty also gave him a nice present. Other teachers were remembered,
Earl of Ava Dead
m
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the being our very low prices.
was
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
ROBERT SMART,
President C. C. & B. Co.
London, Jan. 12 —The report that the Earl of Ava had died of his wounds, is officially confirmed, tie was born in 1803 and was the eldest son of the Marquis of Dufferin and Ava, the former governor general of Canada, viceroy of India, and The Rev. James Tait, formerly minister \ British ambassador to Paris, of Fttzroy Harbor Presbyterian church, The earl died without recovering con-died at his home in Montreal lately, tie sciousuess. tie went out as a war cor-resided in Montreal during the past 15 respondent, although latterly he had been
years, and lived in retirement, having ac- on Sir George White's staff. As the earl nnired a competency through the disposal never married, Lord Terence Blackwood, of some valuable properties.	of the foreign office, who married Miss
Florence Davis, of New Volk, becomes heir to the marquisat» and the estates. Intelligence oi the death of Lord Ava the battlefield of South Africa, has been received in Ottawa with the most profound regret. A sou of Lord Dufferin, a former Governor General, he was we'l-known in Ottawa social circles and a most pleasing disposition made him a favorite and endeared him to a very large number „f friends. After the term of his father as Governor-General expired he was in tho habit of spending his holidays in Canada, years ago,
months spending part of the time at government house and tho remainder with Mr. and Mrs. S. ti. Fleming and hie tutor, Mr. F. A. Dixon, thirty- five years of age.
Close connections are made with all Canadian ratifie and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
Pai kman P. O., Que.
\1
L.B.C.
%
cause
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas.
H. S. Barnett, F.S
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
A HINT
too.
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
The Farmer


I
? 4
HOTELS.
«
##&
•••
will find us prepared to supply his
We have everything
^Stevens Rifles::
* *
St. Lawrence Sail,
the Wise !
every need.
he requires from a plough to a suit of clotnes
WE SELL WHAT EVERYONE WANTS-
**
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietreae.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
The departure of “ D " battery from Ottawa on Monday morning for Halifax was one of the most notable events in the history of tho Capital. About 25,000 citizens lined tho streets along the line of march to the Central railway depot, where the boys were accorded a magnificent ovation as they were bidden farewell and Clod speed on their long journey.
Victor Landry, a middle aged man, residing at 312 Clarence street, Ottawa, met with a horrible death last Wednesday afternoon. Struck by a train at the Montreal road crossing of the Canada Pacific railway, he sustained frightful injuries and died an hour later at the General Protestant hospital.
The Housewife
-%< are guaranteed to be
The Cheapest, Best and Most Reliable STOVE in town.
on
SAFE, SOLID, :i
Will also be pleased to learn that - stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large qnd piete. We have everything she may require to make the homo happy and comfortable.
!
our
» 4
ACCURATE,
? «
pON"l HOUSg
Jel.
com
:!
> 4
?4 From tho
$	$6.oo “ Favorite	-,
.£to our most expensive “ Ideal.” $
I The M IDEAL H No. 44 is a fine rifle. | !0XC OF OUR LEADERS, price only $10. ; \ ' ! Vic gud iQtee it io every respect. Noth- j j *4 lag cheap about U but the price. » <
SiLAS YOUHO
jj ,3>4-5S and. 11-40 cenler-lre.	.
Starke’s Corners. ? in special sizes, ei».oo. ;
____	% Send stamp/cr^mpMe Catalog and $
---------------A#	Hand Book,	*
Tl riTHT End Miu . STEÏEHS IMS HO Till Cl.
£S -1 oSsaa&MAim
Baltimore, Wd.

\ Large Stock of



Tin and Agateware

In Conclusion,
i
I
Always on hand.
His last visit to Ottawa was two when ho was here several
Suffice it to say wc have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
Also a small Stock of

Christmas Toys
nQrrl'i f
m
for Children.
Lord Ava was
MM1 !
fttoi
Comptroller White of tho Northwest Mounted Police has received a telegram from Commissioner Herchroer, at Regina, stating that Corporal E. M. Lindsay, of the Mounted Police had shot himself from brooding over his being rejected by the doctor from going on the contingent to South Africa. Lindsay was eight years on the police and was a first-class
man.
MP
HIGHEST PltlCE PAID
i
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
XVANTEh-Honest manor woman to tra vv vel for large house ; salary $05 monthly and expenses, with Increase : position permanent *, Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope. MANAGER, 830 Csxton bldg., Chicago.

DALE BROS., SHAWVILLE.
IWV
P. s.—Call and inspect our stock before purchasing,
Advertise in The Equity.
SHAWV.'-LE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL
PROPRIETOR
###PAGE###6###

bjr the window unobserved and slip.
Pt*i ‘“to Trubahoe's place. 1 let rayait noiselessly un to the leads uf Mr.
tit. George's dining-room, and winched the house. It was a dark night, and hi eleven o'clock Hose stole out to me through the staircase window to
Jamu lifted the child with trembl- from Barry’s hand, and slain him, he us * \	^ M r. * S t™ “(L orv a'y °n ÎÏ l<NtK>n
ing hands, and set him on his knee, had forgiven her.	up the staircase, I couiii go A	I Works Are knew a-Meme lalerewilws
........... ....
child's heart cannot break, it can, and occurred to him, insanely preoccupied pj^ now |0	‘ g There are many more or leas te« hnl- honor, and used to he even great ei in don Morning Post describes one of
ss if that were b miking too.	drenched with joy, and the knowledge „| ^^nclu led Boss tn Ik» down ¦*. ir_ exact meanings of which arc probably ap'cial commendation, cither on ao- e * ual 0Ul Institute. I Jo says that
"Don't cry," he said, huskily, and °l Elizabeth s inuwvnoe, it had seemed waiting far mo a . k =	' I by no means clear to l be average civi- count of his valor, his ability, hi I>10** Metchnlkoff is engaged in seek-
Daffy, sorrowfully, "Daddy's goneded 1 r ms ll> forget this aw ful inter ude _eojecj » ..	. &	,	,e.'j	identical with the French me- also app ars ever afterward in the ‘ l>llll‘-uiar ozgun of the human body,
away. O this ever and ever so long, I h»i had marred the whole and perfect , wat struggling with those diffi/ul Illnltr aud the German aoburite, the "Arm> List" oifxwite his name.	J l,f prof essor objects to premature
**™*i*pi
saSsags
,ei!erl '	,	,	,	1 As'that dV th *tf>l* n.»nrer and	Kfm	‘ hdir- There was wry little light in	dreds of fragments, which fly in every velops, against the wish'of the General	began to weaken. The organic poisons
ra ^Shis1o« wC	receded. aU jLk'. luaty strength	and	‘b™T "ut »“0Ugl1 shT mc lhe	Erection with incredible velocity. The	int0 " Vl"'-V scrum, en-	thrown off energetically in youth wer.
¦¦	¦	¦ ’	|	nnnhood. now the cause for se.f-sscri-	^ming fn°in hm	who	Uur,tin< of » ««g» !*<»«*“» shell t * f cavalry screen is sn extended line	P?!,eT#d to remain in the system in
made straight for me though l could	m' uns almost certain death to every <>f vedettes, mounted sent ries, which	' u a^e* or ul l°aat lu he less energet-
S4-e him far better than he could tee	living thing within 50 yards’ radius,! fulfills the dmihl » . ucjmisb of obtain-	ioally ejected. These poisoned the finer
while absolute safety cannot be count-	WU‘U Wilb"Ut ',rlion lbo“ °‘
while preventing him from surprising cunjunciive tissues.
The fumes given off are the force it covers. A cavalry screen I THE NOBLE CELLS DIED,
usually consists of one or, at most, ! became the prey of the other or pie-two regiments, but where very large| bejan coj|a ! armies are in movement the screens Six different kinds of projectiles are «re, <>f course, proportionately denser
be | known to modern artillery officers. au mor6 They are commun shell, shrapnel, case,
ut toy range. A tv fact! shelter trench is form’d by digging a shallow ditch un i \4 lug in front of It t he earth ex cavsled. A rifle pit is dug in a similar manner, hut it is Isolated in place of bring continuous, an I li a deeper and more jar, fully constructed pleci of work
man ha f an hour to excavate ; a rifle |4t occupies two men for one hour.
IN ELIIIR OF LIFE FOUND
MS USED IN WAR TIME
The Mystery of No. 13.
’EOF. METCHNlKOFF’S DISCOVERY AT THE PASTEUR INSTITUTE.
HE PROJECTILES AND EXPLOSIVES NOW BEING USED.
CL
A shelter trench' takes one
How tinnt Are Mn»%lflrd nml llrfeivtlve
» * ‘er $ <*r LriiipU* Ml* eh. It l« lie lleved, I hrek the llcruf of TImnn In Hum m Body,
MENTIONED IN DISPATCH ES
W
pride mud joy
lug of bis pot.	,, i .
"Mother never locked the door on me loe: waa RW,‘J>1 ;l)vaJ• cr,Jd out in him before," said Daffy, looking up earn-	annilulation, ugamst 'he part-
sat l y at Jauin, "n»t never. 1 called- ,rom Lhza^ih. from Daffy, lrom
~u'T ;.r.	”r"1“-rr;	5SLÏ St
liiE ppppiir - ¦ - -
"mother 'ud want somebody to VaguVy “they feU-thèse £$".
had come to see a play — that yonder was no puppet, 'but a creature of human flesh and blood, with straine 1 for the sound of footsteps that herald a message of life or death.
I hey came at last, those steps, and immediately the court was thronged.
“'S': saa-aWw». i.»* —* ——
ffl—S—œ	w°" “ “ Tb. > ,,,b.,l. M,. L-m.lr,
ture to belong to a shoemaker's assist- Looking past all the faces, Jack
me
ed upon at a leas distance than 1,000 yards
this bringing atrophy to the organ where the metamorphosis
PACKAGES OF DEATH
occurred. 14of. Metchuikoff has proved conclusively that the noble cells are
nut dead in the organs atrophied by senility.
Moreover, they may bo multiplied. If assisted m their struggle with the plebeian ceils, they commue to live
fu ce,
take care of her up there! You see— poor mother's a little deaf—and she might lose her way, if she hadn't got
"I mw then that he had a pistol
in his hand — a mere toy thing—but M'hsrr, segment and star shell. Only not knowing how he might use it—and the three first-named, however
ss srtVLr rs.5 s*- - r —** -
up meaning to snatch it out of his ,>n 81 ni "ar- Common shell is a hoi- j Military men* who are closely watch hand and all taken by surprise as he lo"', elongated, conical projectile, hav- mg events in South Africa declare that
n‘a te.lli i?1 aDr# 1 str“[k irig at {[H head a percussion fuse, i never in its history was artillery more
instant, and "he fellT ore°r with his .Wlu?h iguitei OQ imiwct. The inter-| efficiently served than in the present head on the foot of the bed—dead.'* It>r 18 f^led with cordite. It is used | campaign. Jhqiurts of experiments Janiu paused, and wiped the sweat a£!,inst fortified or intrenched camps had with modern French field guns
^"Jijuiv’si	«I ntni v11 eniri T)nffw R° 1 towna» ond “gainst masses of in comparison with infantry fire,show
in an awed voice—"what's it uli tr,H)*)e m tbe °Pjn- Shrapnel, on the that four French batterie-# possess, at * iie discovery	was	made	in	the
about*" adding.,in lho same breath:	otb'r hand. is used almost exclusively ranges of 1,000 to 1,WO yards, the man-
ô,tr%g% order"1 T^s^sswell^ el\he burnt fanlry ^TWs 'lulTw^oldT gold", winch coasted of "1 picked up the pistol and tossed	' ' ' ii:i ,ge’ ‘s *ituated at the base of	the French found, whether based on 1 1 uUl,lt	into	a guinea	pig. Laier
it away-it fell between the bedclothes.	tbe ahelJ* tb« whole Interior of the	the number of rifles which a division	gu‘li®J1
SSH E F>>-s	—? =:r
didn’t etiem io mo strange—then	b a ,b 1 td tbe Suu*	^use infantry and artillery resi>ectively. ed. lbal biood of the guinea p g,
Sifgags =#«%==	pSl=i I
down stairs aud outi of the house so • , guu" 8bl>u*d explode, by millimeter caliber. The infantry fired ^ .!l5uCJl.ea-
sup sei	IS'HI m™
âsëmm êmmm	if^kss rse.™ _________________________________________
end stared and wondered.	«tare as through the crowded court ?Ui an t when Hose, a ways [testei-	v \ imvmv m? nrTV '	known, are very efficient in sehpnel , millimetre of the blood of the rabbits
But the man evidently meant no B man in hodden pushed his w tv	[ngmR abd bam mg Die for	for rot	*	u llbo 01 l,UNS.	service, and it is the shrapnel fire of	thus treated contained before the inbarm to the child who clearly rejoiced carrying in his arms a rosy, pinafored	fl:,ving 1 ,n	»apPh>res,	brought	c,una are either mountain, field, gar-	the French Le Creusot guns that the	jections 13,<00,(00 red globules, in three
in his company,	chattering	nineteen	child,	who clutched	him	round	i hn	i ' masters little chill with her, F—	soa or S1‘ge. The former are, gen-	British are encountering iu South	or four days	the number	increased to
to the dozen; so they reached	the park	neck	with one arm.	and pointed at his	b**<>pped and something Bcemed to	^ J speaking, the lightest and	Africa. A French gun throwing a	8,000,000.
in safety, and presently sat down not father with the oilier, luuxhintr for	to lovpi	him, God	,l\1“hl	^ ali * the latter are	the	projectile of at> ul Ü0 pouuda weight,	" A sovereign remedy against anas-
fa< frvm the S-rpeutiue to rest. joy. as they camu nearer to him *o	, ” him, and	so I’ve come	here to-	ayiPNt-	Among the former	are	filled with shrapnel balls, will, at a	mia has been discovered and the t he-
The cloudless sky, the warm, brisk, near that by stopping down Jack	dfl,;\rtof^l1 his father free. :	r.a-J^uudrrs -that is to say, guns	range of 4,800 yards, place 50 percent	ory concerning the red globules has
sweet air, the sense of liberty, and a could have touched them.	}°,u , 8 me' Maet.er Daffyf he	*ü ; in* a «hot of four pounds'	of the small bails in a rectangle me a-	been confirmed. An entire section of
vaguM suspicion that he was very No one had let or hindered the nair	?k‘'V °. a.. ?Ver V?.l.C,€>,i Iou.king UP at	n.;!.,?,.,fiî??ng (he latter are found	euring 6U yards by 4.2 yards. The field	the I’asieur Institute is now work.ng
naagh y aff c ed Daf.y to exhi aralioa; since Janin had said a few brief words	!• ,\°u’ P r, lir>f !l H? f?r ^he last	^	- u lb' ton pieces of ordinance,	shrapnel projectiles curry about	to find the siwcific seruins for each
he laughed, he rolled on (he dry gra>s, to an usher, words that oui-nn him !,rne\.be added* but l)a|ty did not ' ‘ ü uf throwing a steel shot,	«00 SM Al I H XI l <	particular organ. If the blood serum
$“zv, 74"“'1-,*-*r—»	«-«>•*-r-»zzuAaesttï-a-Æs
Thus an hour passed; then his frowning an 1 perplexed, the black can	lh.cVp?!e “lttn be ?lasPed damn’s neck	?f® MBcially classified according to (e)	°f,,inVldvr" l,!uea' tbe ,ai* Co1:	on the cells of the liver, that of the
spirits suddenly flagged, and he drew forgotten, and awry on his head	with both hands, kissing him with all	j ^ 1 • V ^ 1 .,>f 'hti projectile; (b) the	^	a'-'h}?' ^ k nbuiy. Director of	pra;n un the brain and so on
in close to Jamn, who had been silting Jan n look'd up at J.-ck theii with- lis heart, his goidcn curls falling * Ç ol the gun; or (c) the diameter An lejy tcii-ge tn England, do- experiments have demonstrated this with eyes that looked straight before out a word lifted up Duffy* who iu n_ ov,e^' nn ba,^ hiding both i heir faces. '	(‘ ore* hus. the pieces of naval	lba.f 'vb:it English oliu-eie must \ specific kidney serum was found
him, arul face cold aud still as mai hie. e«l into hi ; father’s arms with a <hn it	Going to take Daddy homo to moth r	\ auco which were used by the Bri-	al	1,1 mlIld 1 the fact that the Eng-	8<line days ago. The professor is now
When that soft little figure stole of joy, and rapturous y kissed him	"ow-comc and see you t’niorrer!" he	| t»»h at Ladysmith were spoken of as	,l*h	army has never met m the	determining the exact dise for medi-
u aider Lis coat, uud mstied close U» "My lord," said Janin direct Iv id- 8aid* a,ld ,xveJ, ave another little :^ Funs, nii-tining,. of course, t hat an «noiny luovidcd with we 11-5 ei veil oaj purp.-ea. The discovery has now him, mechanically he put his arm dressing the judge, "it is 1 un,, g 1J}w 1r>gpthcr.	. *7 «‘‘isnred 4.7 mches «cross the in- r ed ai tillcry, iwir has good shrapnel |>USSPtj lke period of mere laboratory
round it, then a strong shudder run should be standing there—not him	d 11 n ld	bptter*	•, n r ^f6. )ore,at 1 be puzzle. This ^l,e fr;<a tiled guns m large num- riments. The celebrated Dr. Vidal
through him from head to foot, and I killed Mr. Boss. I knew that/Mrs	10 )e (onnnued.	T ‘	^ Ruu* l»y the way, bers every et be i seen on tie field of ja now ftt Work on human serums."
c:
evil; and some thought that he looked and she would join me later. 1 vsas hear ftnd doubt wb,it they. see.	| various wavs. The Boers "go into !nv rt04-11 : cDgagnments. Btackenbury fort for the modern schoolboy Ln the
like Lucifer bearing away an angel in a city office* as correspondent I Th' in llvi lual who repeats aelander Jan ^cr,” which means, in plain Eng- be l<ved with Prince Kraft, of tier- facfc tfagt ^ (hirtysix hundred years
E2~e:BÈE	««r ; sBESEE!	™ I
called to th« first cabman that he saw. suggeste 1 that 1 should go ihere as	l<' .	deadly splinters of iron and wood	1,1 de<imation of the teatns.
Daffy did not underhand the in- apprentice, and as Trubshoos happened	11 18 uwless u ,T>’	10 Ket " «mull	among the deft-ndcis Trained troo vs	1 he opinion is fast gaining ground
struct ions, given, but he siote out to be in want of one, I applied lor t be	b°>' fo work while a	brass band is	rely principally upon earthworks,	t hni Grid artdbry must carry light
from under damn s coat, and laughed situation, and got it Mrs. St Gecr*e	P,,8s*nR-	supplemented by a more or less eln-	h,llp . 1 11 11 H uo ^ b• driven from
*“ " ¦ r *- ........	- SSsSSS
without being caught, was when -he ^	1 *	•	ened fitnVy to ignited stakes driven curacy of the Boer infantry und shrap-
slv-pt down si airs, as she sometimes	-	__ lhio 1 he «round at a height of about llpi “r«	11 lending additional em-
did, and usually zt the suggestion of	18 inrh,s' To <be advance of cavalry	pba>is to the necessity for such pro-
Bose. On that particular day, she sent	A LITTLE HKBO-WORSHIPPEH.	a Properly-constructed wire entangle-	tectiou.
s'„,vr	«• —	— “¦?*. ' " " "
The jury were long absent, and those night, that 1 was to lie on the leads b*v bauds are not the statues, tablets who waited in court Lad become by eleven, watch the house, and when and inscriptions erected over the dead, we.ay, and ceased to talk.	was quiet, climb through the sec- but the simpler offering* of apon.un-
Wearieat of all was the prisoner, ond drawing-room window, which	.,ff„ntinn
who had not left the dock, in which was easily reached from below, take	s ‘ CL
during the past few hours he bad sure- the sapphires out of her dressing-gown ly passed through the utmost extremes pocket which would be hanging beside »f despair and joy possible to a human her on a chair, and then go down the being.	front stairs, where Rose would be
Calm, morally and physically cap- waiting to let ine out. The only able of bearing the lot, he had deliber- danger I had to avoid was Mr, Hose* ately chosen, he had entered the dock return, but he was going to a ball, that morning anxious only that the that night and would probably be formality of his trial should be over as very late. I was then to go straight luickly as possible, and the closing home, regaining my room iu the same Scene of all fixed for an early date. way as I had left it.
Long ago he had acquitted Elizabeth "All fell out as she had planned—
In his mind of any taint of wrong- with one exception doing with his friend; In the silt nee planned murder, yet It was done, sod meditation of his days and nights * Just went back <o my lodging, she had gradually resumed the like- had tea and put my boots outside the sees in which he knew her, and for door as if retiring td bed early, that one mad moment born of fierce "My room was on the ground floor faithfulness to him. her husband, in overlooking a back yard that opened which she had snatched the pistol 00 80«* mews and 1 easily, got out
MODERN ARTILLERY
w uo
uro
In Iu-iiMHh* hwiwr Lxrclhul Lr<«niM la I hr Niiiih AI rim n il nr.
ears
in
Janin shivered as he looked down on the droo^Hid gulden head, and seemed to see the mold being heaped above It.
actively, us in youth, and, ihooretio-ally, the oigaiiisw will oeaau to grow old and lile wJl be prolonged. I'roL Metchuikuit ha* found uieaus of allot uing this insistance, aud the results already obtained ate extraoidin-aiy.
è-1

upon your ver-
w a
Ml
STRYCHNINE AND ARSENIC
He therefore began to inject into rabbits feeble solutions of previously
A cubic
The
ARITHMETIC BEFORE MOSES.
i
Among the recent archaeological discoveries in Egypt is a papyrus in excellent condition, dating from a
This roll,
about 1700 B. C
pertcM
which has a long heading beginning, "Directions how to attain the know-
ledge of all dark things," proves beyond a doubt that the Egyptian of that time had a thorough knowledge of the elements of arithmetic.
Numerous examples show that their principal operations with units and
....	,	,	is, * fractions were made by means of ad-
“ by, what k til*; mailer, Nellie I ask- dît ion and multiplication. Subtrace 1 her maiden aunt.	tion an I civision were not known in
O.i. auntie, replied the bride of s th ,••	, nt form, but rect re-
liinnth, il s too pi evoking for anything, au.i., v. ro obtained, nevertheless.
^ rtr i^reîi'^s ,as ^ I were a child. E;j iati ms are also found in the >>ell. d m i mind a little thing like papyrus. Here is one which brings that, my dear, said th^ old lady; when the Egyptian schoolboy home to you get iu he rn ge you will remember it with pleasure.
CHAPTER XV
'And when will ye come hame again, Dear Willie lell to me?"
'When the sun and moon dance on , yon green.
And that will never be."
vhile even to infantry it proves sometimes very annoying, especially at night-tini constructed by the Sianiards in Cuba, it is made, of barbed wire, it is the most troublesome clog to the enemy’s progress that could be devised. Earthworks are usually strengthened by gabious—cylindrical baskets having neither top nor bottom—and sand
IN AFTER YEARS
and when, ns
In the crypi of St. Paul’s cathedral in London lies buried Lord Nelson, chief among the naval heroes of England. Leaning against the marble tomb is a small square of perforated catd- bn«* board, worked as a sampler, which for six years has remained there undisturbed.
It Lears these words, spelled in worsted letters
of dear Lord Horatio Nelson, Thy will be done,
by a child whose heart was in this tribute to his hero.
The rules forbid the encumbrance of the stones by miscellaneous offerings, but the verger stood by and watched the offence committed, and the authorities have never ordered this true " la MeaorLam," to be removed.
UH
Ti n measures of barley are to be divided among ten persona in such a manner that each subsequent person shall receive one-eight of a measure less than the one before him. Another example given is: There are seven men, each one has seven cate, each cat has eaten seven mice, each mouse has eaten seven grains of barley. 15a8| grain of barley would have yield# I Seven measures of barley. How much barley has been loetl	»
The tione
RIFLE PITS.
Nearly always, too, the defenders of a beleaguered camp or garrison construe! both shatter trenches and rifle pits. A very shallow trench will render a man, lying down, invisible to the distant enemy, and a very slight earthen parapet is sufficient to protect him from the effects of shrapnel and rifle fire. Indeed, it has been ascertained from actual experience that th* penetration of rifle bullets into newly-excavated earth does not exceed 24 inches at 500 yards, and three feet of earth may be considered safe
JUST CAUGHT A GLIMPSE.
Papa—By the way, who is the lady that bowed to us as we left the carriage Î
Dorothy—Tbt* one with the black silk skirt, the rose petticoat, plaid silk waist, purple collarette with silver clasp, tan coat, black hat with purple tips, carrying a silver-trimmed card case f
Papa—Yea
Dorothy—I don't know, I Just taught a glimpse of her. -
In loving memory
and was brought thither
• •
a
We had not
papyrus also contains oaloulg-, of area, the calculations of of a drôle, attempts at squaring the circle, and finally calculations of the cubic measurements of pyramids
the
area


###PAGE###7###
»

I



PRACTICE.
UNLIKE ANY OTHER
5 A	•	g^ ^	% | tak^s much more to move a heavy
Agricultural
CORRECT FEEDING.	I I cer get# drunk or falls asleep, or
- *-“«•
Lean subjected to B'1''"11 *°	»q. If you pile < onl into the en-
to find or enteh i*b gine's boiers and It stands on the
blow off; of any work being
iHE BRUÜM-MAKERS
The burglar, Maid the citizen, lighted parlor matches all about the house, but evidently he knew how to strike them without making a nol'te, for we all light sleepers, and none of us
LUDELIÂ
Vouch for the .statement of A. Bong, of 10 Leslie Street, London.
iri
awoke.	-
Ah! maid the detective. Evidently e married man.
Lead fferkairet,
*5* 3°. 4». 5o Si 6ot
CEYLON TEA
Iim a 41»linet flavor of Its ewe which makes •«ary — that has eno# tried It want it age
in.
class
Had le WarU Ten Hears a Hef—ior feird With Backache Severely— Uedd'a kidney Plils Made * few H a ef Him.
Every
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MflS WINSLOWS SOOTHING SYRUP bae been used by metharf for their children teething. It soothe# Ibe child, softens tbs gum#, alley# ram. wire# wind colie. and Is ihe l>e#t remedy for Sierrbtne Ih a bottle Sold by al druggiet* throughout the world. B# k fer " Mr#. Wluetow ¦ Soothing Syrup.
lv v
MAIL
Dominion Line
Te send for one complete SHEET MUSIC CATALOGUÉ and SPECIAL RATI OF DISCOUNT. We equipped te •upplv every MUSIC rACHER In Canada
Whaley, Boyce
6 Co.,
ISSYenge St.. TORONTO,
Music
study in order n balanced ration
gTIAMSHlM
that will furnish tra k, there will he a
‘ mirain without .	done.
proper combinations, and at a rea-1 xbin will continue ns long as the
~~yëM 1111 ira mm=r
ssh: g#g# ggEsæ sgsi
in most cases ns reliable as the SU or	Onl) those who have suffered with	.	- ^r-d*?' T R w-r
work, but the fact that very if w„ fmj nn excess of nitrogrm- backache know how disabling and gf, JAMES’ HOTEL-etJ*°£!ocks fro» o r. i	of the educa- otn rnd m n r el matter end not gainful the trouble is. It is wonder- |tUvl) kimieu##con-mereiaiHouse. Modemi*.
ETHEHEm SSE3H	—
mssMmmtsr*
_
digestion end assimilation, as we 1 conies clogged end this is worse f r .Revere ,n my hack and I corn*lud-
in the chemical composition of it then too mirh fat. The animal tn ta1<e #ome Dodd’s Kidney Pills. ,	OF HIS WIFEj ,
-ElBmE;";:
périment to apply only to poultry m,,nt. We «re also taught by \ m nm n new man. I high.y recommend	the mouth is shut.’*
we shall see other important points sut horiti a that there mUbt b* them to any on.) for backache. I do />
*• TJZ' W '°r‘„=ri"	m ”7 " ' o-keefe-s wr, malt
rokco! ÜEÜ
™EE.:.::r	#2, €:	:::
•d to lUlUio Ilf. and renew the a„d the proportion are not right, L,*1"0 ' baTe b,en going badly with me	pnOniOTOUS STRENGTH.	D n H F I N C and Sheet Metal Works. QUE Mo. 4 BUFFALO FAN - 17 'nchet,
:"zT;J,rLX:\r,r;.r- *-„sr,?jss-rrt
t, Ï‘wÜ‘“Tbî	.Û1 '» ,»	«... to. Catarrh ,	,m°Z" akI.’hUjrtllllj	S£&5£*S&!3|^tS "tSi	»"«. T«»«.
product of poultry is simply the the proper proportions. If we do if you are troubled with Catarrh and	H I V HUM o. BUTHie A SONS. Adelaide iwidmer 8te.,Tsrent >
surplus food ^th..be.nw.ll^ tjta «J™. ^ Ar^t^eVh ^ guat^ c^foïThU gested aud asslmileted. Ihe more i^ianrw the animal can eat and distressing disease. There is no mys-
food the fowl can assimilate the d;g.at w|tj, benefit, the greater the j tery about Catarrhozone, though its 0arb#nc Désinfectante, Soape, Oint-
—=~--E	WBBBSm
,, beaiuvs tue end tbal tliere should be Severn breathe directly to the di eased parts.	F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
water U contains. Staron, fat and times more carbonaceous than nit- where it volatilizes, killing the ger	asANOHSBTlH, • • ENi UtllD,
sugar are uaibonaoeous foods. L#sn rogenous matter, and that the life and healing the jJ01**
r:-Z : mmm plæÊï
The mineral matter is found in that is needed. Ihe coder the Ont. the whey of milk, in bones, in ail temperature the more carbonace-whole grains aud usually in com- ous material the Inactive an mal binations with nitrogenous foods, needs. When pessive, amply eat-1 The digested carbonacvoua material, ing and keeping warm in a co 1 alter passing into the blood of barn an ox will use up twelve times aa animal, is used to produce beat as much heat producer as tissue
and force ; it is oxygenized or gra- and muscle repairer. If he woikn,	______	1 U ADOIC ZB%m.y * Borwp,
dually burn d and sustains activ- he needs more muscle reipurer and	evi aiv	Fl A K fl IO LBAD, CUPPER, BRA5S.
£?£r%r "H%E
the supply in the blood is deficient. .kooid beat and for #. It is not so	_¦ ¦ —
The nitrogenous material goes to good « fuel, but it contributes	DE MORTUIS.	the dis moini* iNOU.ATO.-llMtandoli.MMl
sears, sunturt S5,ii&.1ZirS5.,SXr2: «„,h,.... b, L:tas«»a“
F”- ' «a-V1 ^ F'™':	I
Fat and mineral are alto present, five.	_	| to say you’d like to lay out my friend
Done	--• 	| Jonesf
! Hen-iman—That’s my business, sir!
Caller—Bridget Maguire has refer-	DonVyou krC
red me to you for her character, mad- the man.g dt.adf
Herlleoi, Me., to Llverpenl, vie Melllei.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver Dominion, Cambroman.
Rates of pswage ; - First Cabin. #&") upwards ; Seonol
Cabin, $36 ; Steer sge, \2‘ XI sud $.3 60.
Mur further mforinstien sppijr teloosl egente, or
1IAVIP TOKRANCÏ à (JO., General Ag ete
IT St. H* rseieot St. Montreal,
food elements in the
London, Ont., Jan. 1st .-The broora-mukera of this city are as industrious and muko as much money uh the aver- r.) broom-maker in this country, llut
the necessary
Teachers
Wanted
• re
NATURALLY
T
%
e
work
Stations
portant
of them have
•NT.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
MONTNIAL HOTEL DIHIOTOHT.
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
•od other PRODUCE, to ensure heel results eoneige i#
The Dawioq Commision Co., Limited,
C«r. Weet-Merket 4 Oolberns at, TstmU,
Am. Pimm. •166* up.
I
REPRE8EN1 ATiVE
pumtion- Pay prompt. Like pu-ltlon, maki< g |*6 werk. Write quick for imrtii uiere end furn eh
ncKlmton
JB
block, Toronto.
enoee.
50»
tlon
few
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
“ Manufacturers Coming toToronto
permanently Catarrh of
eeree
note,
¦ throat, etoenoh end hied dor Sue A f 1 e boi. Writ# for port,*, lore. The Indien Catarrh Corn On., US St Joes
•re
Sausage Casings-?;;,
WILL FIND VERY DF.HIM ABLE
FLATS Steam Heated, Steam Power,
9 Elevator and all conveniences.
Truth Building, 7.3 Adelaide St. Went,
TORONTO.
•TORONTO Cutting loheol otters speo.nl advantages
I to nil desirous of enquiring e thorough knowledge of Outline and Fitting Oeatlemen'e Garments. Write for
113 range St, Tarants.
Complexion
treatment.
-15K3 as*
or TUB
AKIN AND
Dyeing I Cleaning 1 Michigan Land for Sale.
For the very beet lend your work t. the	Q 000 A0R18 C000 FARMING LANDS ARKNAO
0| low'». Ogemaw end Crawford • ountjea. Title per* On M.ch geo Central. De'roll A Mackinac and IXWO Lake fUiiroadi, at prices leoging from 82 to P per acre These Unde are Close U> Knterprialisf New Towns. Churcàee. Buhoole. etc., and will be sold on eel
11 BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for sgeni in your town, or send dirent	i
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec [
as
Shaapaet end lest Covering in the World.
PIPE AND BOILER
ble terms Apply to
v]fw< où
Covering
Mica
To Manufacturers
gleam and Hot and Cold Water Pipes, Cold Storage Pipee Kitchen Hoilere. eta.
use
dAS. B. ANNETT, Manager.
ESSB
JOHN J. MAIN, SupL and Trese
CALVERTS
The Canadian CAWtttA mtiiAVUXr Heine Safety
BOILER
up ot cai bvoaceous, and muidrul matter
Loan and Savings Company.
I»<X>Bro*AT*D 1885.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mort*
gags Corporation,
.	$3,600,000
. 1,200,000
Head SfRoo—Toronto St, Tarante. Branch Sfiloee—Winnipeg, Man., Vaneeuver, B O
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed. DEBENTURE ISAUED for 1. 1, t, 4 orSyeera With let ereet coupona attached
MONEY LENT on security of real estate m rgegee Oerernmeut aod Municipal Bunds, etc.
for further particulars apply te
J. HERBERT MASON,
Managing Director. Tarante.
I
Esplanade,
Opp. Sherboume St.,
Toronto

POMMUrt bkhSà KILLS Roaehee, Bed U Hugs, Rats sad Mica. Sold by all Druggists, or 381 Queen W. Toronto.
Paid-up Capital, • Reserve Fund • •
foods.
classed
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
S1NÜ FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOOUa
Tarent* Kiwtrie Light Ce., Limited. The T Kaiee Ce, Limited The Uui'i Harris Co., Limited.
The Ouita Psr he Knhber à Mfg Oe. The WiUoi F.iblmhlng Oe., Limited.
Mille. Mille A Melee
Barristers,etc., removed y Bldgs., Rlob* W.. Toronto,
LAW
NOT HER FAULT.
I» this thn cracked wheat Janet I dun' know, mum; I ain’t looked at It or teched It, an’ if it’s cracked, it wuz
ILL Instantly relieve a tlokllng oougti
Dr. Draw's compound Syrup of Lloerloe ask Dr ggi'te for it—sent by mall on receipt of !3o.
Brysen Medical Dlcpenaary, Montreal 'a
W
cracked afore I come here.
STOVE WEATHER!

44
4
And Lots More Coming*
Catholic Prayer eîSMBK
Buy An—
OXFORD
TRIPLE
HEATER.
HOT
In muscle to a certain extent, and the tissues of the body contain all of these elements to a certain extent, but each predominates in the ports mentioned.
The carbonaceous material Is to
the animai much like what coal is	Housekeeper—Well, she's a very good taker,
to the locomotive. The nitrogen- gjrj.
Dus matter might be compared to	Caller—I suppose you found her	¦	nPsyo^efQrsnhy.Qus.
the steel and iron of which the lo- truthful and obedient, then?	i rllArBOii IUO» Chs** Manafsesam.
comotive Is made, and the nervous | system of the animal to the engin-! be both.
eer who starts or stops the engine occasion to tell her to say I wasn’t at end controls it. It takes some coal ! home
TRUTH AND OBEDIENCE.

•BLOOD 4 NERVE


Berriman—Certainly. I'm Bn under-
t
Ene
am.
FOR TM B
Languid & Wear
O
And Keep Ihe Whole Mouse Warm
%
a
s

i
• • ••
Houa keeper—Well, she could hardly
You see, I frequently had
Si<
«
TWO EXTREMITIES.
ftife
I had been a sufferer like a great
It is *8 powerful m s furi w-tam 30 io. wood-has two hot sir n r-e*. &# wells*'he am ke n ; e t • circu »te the heat all through the home and !Ir interior tubular conaiructiou ctr< u tues th# sir fully, keeping so even warmth sll over.
8»;e them st our dealers* in any lo-
THE
rA
:
Wigg—Old Goirox had considerable many other women with a disease pe-trouble in getting that plain^iaugh- cujjar (0 my sex. 1 tried everything
daughter’s husband on his feet.	better. My condition was terrible—1 ea.uy
' was losing flesh and color, and my friends were alarmed. I consulted a

1
I


V
O
How to be Healthy
In Winter.
<

GurneyFoundry
03

Deafness Cannot be Cured
ly leaelappIleatUwka* they eaaaet resell the j doctor of this town and he said 1
,hT,nt”ehy £n7tlhJ «ouId never get better ; that I would
lionsl remedies, nsmfne## te caused by an In. , always be sickly and delicate, and that ftnmod condition of the m scon a lining of the medicines were of little use to me.
mmSBSSE
in the result, and unless the iadammation finn tei mined io try them myself, and to-
l,e L ikon out and tkis tub » restored ro itM nor. day | Weigh one hundred and forty
-Ion of the mocone surfaces.	1 now have a constitution that is hard
We will give One Hundred Dollars for any .Q beati 1 have not suffered any pain
* F. .1. CHKVBY Sc CO„ Toledo, O. reach every woman suffering as I ggitf t, 75c.	Jlfi
h Pill* are the beet.	Q1 '
co^
*
Co., Limited,
TORONTO.
Angier’s
Petroleum Emulsion
Winter is a trying time for most people—especially so for delicate ones. Colds, la grippe and pneumonia find them easy victims.
I)o you catch cold easily ? It shows that your system is not in a condition to resist disease. You will be fortunate if you escape
Said bv Oru Hall's Ktmi
Sincerely yours,
¦	MAY COLE, Simcoe, Ont#
Price 50c. per box, 5 boxes for $200, at druggists, or if not obtainable at your druggist, mailed on receipt of price by Sam. Williams & Co., Toronto. Book of Information Free.
A most efficient substitute for cod-liver oil, pleasant to the taste, and agreeing with the most sensitive stomach. Used by physicians in the treatment of all throat and lung troubles, and — if results count for anything—almost no limit to the good it can do.
/
SUPPLYING THE FACTS.
Common Person—Have you ever met the talented Misa Bung?
Great Author—No, never! The talented Mi8a Bung has met me several times, however.


pneumonia.
Nature is always fighting against disease. Ihe right
kind of medicine is the kind that helps Nature by toning up
Such a tonic is
w

¦a
the system and enabling it to resist disease, only found in Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. By building up the blood and strengthening the nerves these pills reach the root ot disease, restore health, and make people bright, active and strong.
Mrs. R. Doxsee, Gravenhurst, Ont., writes i—"I believe that Dr. Williams* Pink Pills saved my life. When I began their use I was so weak that I was scarcely able to be out of my bed, and showed every symptom of going into a decline. I was pale, emaciated, suffered from headache* and nerve exhaustion. I used Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 1er a couple of months, aad they have completely restored me."
Sold by all dealers or post paid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for by addressing the Dr. Williams1 Medicine Co., Brockville.
it-we
------ÏÏ

« a,»***

•	- —-
duHLyi	(fry, *£
• •

n
Sample bottle fhaHed te any address •• WMIpt of io
cents to cover postage.
# t

Toronto
Angler Chemical Co.
###PAGE###8###
!
I
T T


X





Agents :—“ Famous Men and Great Events of the Nineteenth Century." All the great battles are described ; the greatest men of the world, in various walks of life are introduced ; every great event which has changed the maps and shaped the destinies of nations is detailed in glowing language ; the progress of nations, the rise and fall of kings : all the greatest inventions and discoveries in the marvellous panorama of the century are here presented. It is a wonderful review of the most remarkable one hundred years in all the annals of the world. Exceptional inducements for agents.
ItiiAi'i i y CiAKurrsoN Vo., Limited,
Brantford. < hit.

Property for Sale.
Caution.
Cattle De-horipg.
I hereby give notice that I will not he held responsible for the payment of any bis contracted in my name, without my .personal order
Bristol Mines, Dec. *JU 1891)
A desirable property on Court Street, Shaw ville, containing four village lots, and having erected thereon a conifortahh dwelling house with necessary outbuild ings. For particulars and terms apply t< Donald Mclta, Shaw ville.
1900
I wish to inform the farmers of Pontiac that I shall heat their service from this date forward for the purpose of dehorning Cattle, with either clippers or saw as desire u.
THOM AS WALS1I
6
a*- *&*- *ft
t ft ?	?
*
A
?
ALF. McRAE, Hnraiota, Man
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Parties having such work to do are re que'-ted to notify me by post card.
The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street, Shnwviue, opposite, theHank. For terms and particulars apply to
E n h \ A i ^3 \\rANTF.P-Honest mrtn or woman to tra-lU-e • w W ? IUi >> vel for large house; salary monthly
nod expenses, with increase; position permanent; inclose self-addressed stumped envelope. MANAGE it, uoû <nxton bldg., Chicago.
We desire to thank our many friends for their generous patronage during .........the past year.............
Shawville. October 1899
SILAS YOVNO,
Park man P. 0
County Sale of Lands for Taxes.
We trust that the good feelings which .. exist between us will continue..
'i
Province of Quebec,
Office of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac
I HEREBY GIVE NOTICE that the lands hereinafter mentioned will be sold by public auction at the Council Hall in the Village of Bryson, on WEDNESDAY, the SEVENTH day of MARCH next, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the municipalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter described, unless the same he paid to me with costs before the afore mentioned day of sale.
J
Province de Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comte «le I* «nriae
J K DONNE AX IS par le présent que le- terres ci après décrites seront vendues par encan public, fi la sidle du comté de Poutine, au village «le Bryson,
MERCREDI le SEPTIEME jour «le MARS prochain, A DIX heures de
l'avant-midi, pour eutizntions et frais nientionés sur les differents lots et parties de lots ei après décrites, A moins que les dites cotizat ions ne me soient payées avec les frais encourus avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
i
We realize that OUR SUCCESS depends upon PLEASING THE PEOPLE.
Taxes
I d’écoles
Taxes Mu nicipnles.
Municipal
Taxes.
Noli sur le B le
Rang
Name of Municipality
Etend u
Costs
Lot-
Total
School
Taxes.
Nom do Municipalité
Name on Assessment Roll. Range
Extent
Frais
i
I A X R > 18
Dickson, J. B. .
Stafford & Rudd.
Sly, George, Estate of Etat de. 2 Unknown—Inconnu
Township of Bristol
100
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Farmer.
Farmer.
Absentee
4.27 7.44
:i.58
3.58 20.92 11.80
J4.41
10.02
21.85
7.10
12.14
Cl. A4
53.98 2b. 42
17.10 5.02 12.47 7.00 3.15
b. 2b AO. Oti
do
do
A
21, 22
474
N R A lv, 2 N R J. 2b
do
do
,0
1.51
Our New Year’s Resolution
do
100
do
8.5b AO. b2 42.18 2b. 42 9.53 2. V»2 2.9b 2.10 A. 15
do
do
100
23, 24
• # •
• • •
Davis, John.......
Sullivan, Patrick... Unknown—Inc< *»nu Flemming, Michael Cleary, Michael.. ..
Village of Fort Coulonge Fraser, John.....
Litchfield.........
‘do ...........
Village of P. D. Fort South Onslow ......
do
3
137
do
27
4 N R A S j 4.............
N‘A5...............
2	Part -partie—37.......
A	Village lot No 4......
A of—de—0 Bryson Street
8 SEA 11..................
F “A 24.............
Lot 0 Island..........
do
150
do
do
do
r>
100
7.57 2.40 9.51 5.50
Village of Chapeau
1-5
do
do
1-5
We resolve during the year to try to please our customers by honorable dealings, by keeping honest goods and, as far as possible, extending equal con. . . sidération to everyone. . .
Absentee
McManus, James............
Pat tison, Jas. Thus......
Fleuris, Louis............
O Boyle John E., Estate
Etat de.................
Township of Mansfield.. Armstrong, Andrew.........
100
—
A 55 19.83
100
2.71

10.23
of
S $ 13.......
Part — Partie 24
5
10.(i A
2.10
1.10
5.20
4.20 1.05 1.18 2.93
9410
119
12.73
2
14
1.10
do
do
do
do
«
100
24
25
• 45
Township of Pontefract,Mallette, Jule
B
42
100
#; no
10.20
do
Labi en, Moses............
|Brown, Janies............
Dunn, John................
DeZuuchc, Mrs. d. A.......
Dunn, James...............
Stephens, Richard.........
Sweeney, Erick............
Estate of-Etat de Dr. Purvis Rancour, George...........

do
U
100
2.25
LAO
do
do
13
100
1.18
o
S A 2 7, 8. 9 S A 1
do
9
do
loo
8.00
7.50
5.7-5
10.93 lb. 50 (>.80 10.02 A. 58 8.97
do
10
do
00

do
9
do
100
1.0
do
do
4
100
10.02
t
do

do
9
ICO
,8
E. HODCINS & SON.
do
do
*
)
24
200
8 97 4M
<
do
lb
do
4.50
>
100
U4
Township Island.
of Allumette;
Fraser, John..................
Butler, Patrick...............
i Richard, Joseph.............
Toner, Mrs. John..............
St. Julien, J. T..............
Tierney, John.................
St. Cyre Adolphus.............
Roche, John, Heirsof-heretivrs
9
12.21 15.32 7.35 5.75 10.88 II (HI 1J. 20
ISO
12.95 8.35 12.20
30.00
17.02
13.00 20.0< I
20.90
25.17
UNI
t;
do
1 . 50
do
4
100
40
4
do
1.00
do
12
20
10O


do
do
2. 3
1.80
37 55 35.40 25.5( I . 2b
2oo

do
-
1.50
do
200
4, 5
(
do
do
100
1.50
S
b
Farmers !
100
do
42
1.00
do
4
of Onslow j
Township
(North)
Get your milling done at
13
20 A & 20 B. 23 B or N !.. 14 “A
10.7b
5.35 5.35 10.25 5.50 1.80 3 75
de
2bb
do
do
11
do
do
100
The New Flour Mills.
O'Reilly, Hugh...............
O Hearne, Michael............
Guertin Bruno................
Dolan, Patrick...............
Tuuney, John.................
Dolan, Patrick, Heirs of—here
tiers de....................
Caine, Maurice................
Armitage, Geo. H..............
Black, George.................
Harrison, Samuel..............
Drew, Win.....................
13
do
do
100
13
9 B
du
do
10b
12
do
do
24 A
150
W A, O A. 13 B A 13 (
do
do
8
Ml
This Mill has been built expressly for the farmers’ trade and in order to get it we are prepared to give in exchange
r.B
do
do
9
50
do
do
9
10 A.......
4 A.......
19, 20_____
Part—partie—53, 54
“	“	55,5b, 57
9.55 5.4b 18.14 lb. 45 1 b. 55 8.95
100
FIRST-GLASS FLOUR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
do
do
7
lbO
Township of Thorne
4>
200
do
3
do
100
PI(OVENDER ground while you wait, aqd in proper way.

do

do
19b
42
do
o
do
100
For Sale at Lowest Prices
Part of N. W. A of 9, Range b of the Township of Clarendon, in the village of Shaw-ville, bounded as follows :
Sorm Parcel.—Bounded on the north by the property of James and G. Fred Hudgins; on the east by the property of Robert Dagg ; on the south by the 0th concession line, and on the west by the property of George Hynes.
North Parcel.—Bounded on the north by the 7th concession line ; on the east by the property of Robert Dagg ; on the South by Main Street of the village of Shawvillc, the property of Albert Richardson, William Shaw and Robert McCredie, and on the west by the Church of England cemetery and the prupur-Hcirs of—heretic is ce—Isaac ty of Miss Jane Dale, the two plots containing»
Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender. THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
3KTX3
The undersigned have entered into partnership to carry on business as
Undertakers,
Furniture dealers,
Manufacturers of kougf| & Dressed Lumber, Singles, Etc.
Village of Shawville
C5.14
0.09
90
t:.. or.
mg
Partie X. < ). I do lot 9, rang 0 <!e la canton de Clarendon, dans le village de Shawville, borné comme suit :
Portion Sun.—Borné au nord par la propriété de James et G. Fred Hudgins ; au sud par la ligne de la Orne rang : ou est par la propriété de Robert Dagg, et ou ouest par la propriété de George Hynes.
Portion Nord.— Borné au nord par le ligne du 7me rang : au est par le propriété de} Robert Dagg au sud par le Rue Main de le1 village de Shawville, le property of Albert Richardson, William Shaw et Robert Mc-Credie, et ou ouest par le cemetivre du l'Eglise Anglaise et le propriété de Mlle Jane Dale.

2.00
8.00
3.00
2.40
Turpain Camille.......
Olmstead, Win........
Palmer, Geo...........
Legault, Narcisse.....
l nknown Inconnu Elliott, Adam <V Walter McTiernan, John.......
Lots 121 & 122
Village nf Quyon. Township of Leslie do	do ..
Township of Clapham do	do ...
Township of Clarendon
A full stock of up-to-date Furniture of all kinds will be kept on hand at the present stand of Cuthbertson & Graham, where also the Undertaking Branch will be conducted with the usual prompt attention.
1.74
100
84
90
8
4
8.03 3.75 1.08 8.78
8.03
3.75
21b
12, 13
A
400
22, 23, 24, 25
1
100
78
10

)

23.30
1	S W J 10, 17, 18, A E Pof S W .1 19
All 28....................
9	SWA 28.......................
10	NE ! 3.......................
10 SWA 5.........................
12	KWÎ7& 8......................
10	N E I 15 & S E A on N K 10...
11	N W A of S W
13	S W f 2(i..
2	All 10.....
N E pt. of 19.
;o2
15.48
2<HI
do
do
8
49.32
31.50	|
3.40 0.75 12.25 15.43

100
17.28
do
do
U
10.47
1(10
7.07
Me Janet, Robert Hudgins, James. Dagg, Richard.. Howard, Win. 11
do
do

10.8
100
4.10
do
do
21.9
200
9.08
12.98
do
do


Sawing, Planing arid Matching Lumber
209
do
do
28.41
i
i
15
do
do

I
5.8

4
10b
Rohiard, Louis... .
Wheel!ban, John____
( ’hambcrlain, A. W.. Prendergast, John.. Armstrong, John S, j Murphy, Joseph iHohan, Mrs. Samuel
Brazeni, Louis.....
M cCunig, Norman.. Gaboury, T. C.......
do
I
do
»
mil'll mi at III** Elliott I actors
!
I
I 32.81
10.77 7.50 19.49 15.75 17.08 24. (il 2.98
25.18
8.75
7.03
2011
do
do

do
do
t

12
4.41 2 75
7.04 5.75
12.b8
IbU
do
11 S W
Logs and Shingle Bolts Wanted.
do

jo
100
4.75 12.45 10.00 5.00	1
24.lit 2.98
do
X \\
<1
4
l
IDO
N W A 24.............................
IN W 12...............................
rX E f 2(1...........................
I Lots 9, 10. 11, 12—S. S. Geon/e street ti, 7, 8, S S Cobb A E 121 E S Central
do
d«
lb

il Ml
do
do
12
V large quantity of sowings and shinglo blocks are now rc-(juired at the factory for which cash or trade will be given.

100
do
do
11

Village of Bryson
do

i

t
t

WILLIAM G. LeROY, Secretary-Treasurer,
Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac Corporation de le Premier Division de Comte de Pontiac.
1
1
SHAWVILLE,
Bryson, 4th January, 1900 Bryson, 4mc Janvier, 1900

\

&

w




(
