###PAGE###1###

1


/
»
SH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q.,. THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 1897
Vol XIV, No. 38.
î o.. d «gZfBSŒSk...

At the great Corbett Fitzsimmons fight which occurred at Carson City, Nev., U. 8., on Wednesday last, for the championship of the world, Fitzsimmons was the winner, knocking out his opponent in the 14th round. Corbett, as he heard referee Siler count out the ten fatal seconds which would decide the victory, made a desperate effort to rise, but fell helplessly
declared Fitzsimmons the victor. Corbett felt his defeat most keenly, and left the ring raving and crying like a child, but acknowledges a fair and square knock-out. Fitzsimmons was quite composed through out, and at the conclusion of the fight, calmly stepped down from the ring and joined his wife, who was seated just back of his corner during the contest. Fitz. states he will not enter the ring again. He is 35 years of age.
"117 ANTED.-8EV ERA L FA ITH FUL MEN W or women to travel lor responsible established bouse In the county of Pontiac. Hilary $7H0,payable $16 w-ekly and expense*. Position permanent. Reference. Enclose se I f-a<ld reused stamped envelope. The Na tlonal, Htar Building, Chicago.
Largest stock of shoes and rubbers in the county. All marked at close prices.
0. F, Hoikhnh.
Beef, pork, bacon, sausage, lamb or mutton, and bread from the best baker in town at McGuire’s Grocery.
#
The Liberale are to meet in convention hereon Wednesday neat, the diet Inst.,to •elect a candidate for the local election.
BANK OF OTTAWA

1897.
- - SPRING. - -
1897.


Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000 00 Rwt..................$1,066,000.00
I

Court Shawville,
Hojne.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
A. W. Morrison, R 8. H IB Barn err, F.B.
J. A. Smith, C.R.
Board of Director» :
Cearlbh Maure, Eho-, President. Gborgb Hat, mq ,Vice President.
John Mathrr, Ekq. David Mai Larch. Buy

LOF


o



to the floor, and the referee

How. O*o. Bryson, Jr.
rpiffiner^
Ladikh! be sure to read Mrs. J. Mo Credie’e announcement next week of her
Dennis IIvri-ht, Bey.

6KURUKBUKN, D. M. F1NN1K
Spring Millinery Opening. All the latest spring notions will be displayed
General Manager, (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Opening
ty The Shawville Marble and Oran iteWorka, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior olaas of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason able
A young man named Bret staff, of Thorne gashed hie foot in a terrible man ner with an axe one day last week. Dr Lyon was sent for and put of etitchee in the injured member
IgDraft* leaned on all Banking points In the Dominion, United States and Great Britain.
Notea and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
Sutna of |1 and upward a received U Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
10 a. ». to 8 p. m. Saturday 10am.
at REID BROS., the arcade store, a rn prior, v ill be on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, April 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and following days.
jUoml and (Central.
People are amazed to see the tea that McGuire ie offering for 20 cents.
Men’s rubber waterproof coats from $1 60 up, at
0«ce B
Ohsrterls Dote.
a number
G. F. Hodoinh
March 20. — The roads at present are In a poor condition owing to the prevailing thaw.
JAB. HOPE & Co.
MANUFACTURING STATIONERS, BOOK8KL IWL 1er», Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary Bible Society, Ottawa, Ont.
McGuire is paying the highett price
Hides 6 eta ; pel ta
Several heavy peals of thunder were heard here on Saturday towards the end of the heavy rainfall which prevailed. Damage to telegraph and telephone polos is reported in some quarters. Some of the weather wise predict a late spring at* the result of thunder st this season.
for hide* and pelts 50 cents.
Mr. Denis Daley, who has been on the sick list for some time, is now slowly re-
Rev. Mr. Nelson preached to a large congregation in the Methodist church Sunday evening last
G. F. H«»dgins and Mr. W. B. Crawford are making preparations to build re* aidencee for themselves during the coming summer.
A building to be used for services, prsyer meetings, Sunday school, etc., is in course of erection at Knox's settlement, near the Orange Hall.
For the Kidneys, Bladder and Kindred Diseases, no medicine as yet has seen the light of day that excels Dr. Allen's Pearly Pebbles
dress, Allison Mbd Ont.
covering.
Miss M J. McCullough left on Friday for a few weeks’ visit to friends in Nepean.
The pulpit of the Methodist church here was occupied by Mr. Coates on Sun
The late favorable weather gave farmers here an opportunity of disposing of their wood and ties at Sliswville.
I wonder what has happened " Spoke-la he still living, or has he reActor f
on
8. J. IcNaLLT, HU.
The ladies of Am prior and surround ng country may then expect to see an exhibition in this line of goods which will not be a disappointment. All Hats and Bonnets at this fair will be trimmed on the premises at first cost, and most of the goods being IMPORTED DIRECT from European markets by ourselves, enables us to give the best possible values going.
Mies Perdue, head milliner, assisted by Miss Grier.
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Ritchie Bros, of Aylmer, have purchased the old Cormier mill property fur the sum of $3,500. The mill and adjoining factory will be thoroughly overhauled and repaired and put in good running order. The firm will engage the services of a large number of men to work both the factory and mill this coining summer, which will be a great boon to the workingmen of Aylmer, who will not have to leave the town to find employment. The Ritchie Brothers hive the best wishes of the people of Aylmer for the success of their new venture.
Thanks.—To our patrons of Pontiac county, we take this m^ans to return our humble thanks for the kind words they have written to us about our Dr. Allen's Pearly Pebbles, dred times. 7 man or woman without means would like to try our med icine, if they will send us a written line from their minister or priest, we will send them two boxes of our Dr. Allen's Pearly Pebbles, post paid, free of charge, for God says the first duty of man is to help thy weak brother or sister. Address, Allison Medicine Co., Biockville, Ont.
We neglected .to mention last week that a tine Collie owned by Mr. J. M. Hudgins, baker, fell a victim to the poi son fiend on Tuesday night. The dead animal was found by Mr. W.Wilson in hi* own yard on Wednesday morning Win. could think of no worse epethet to apply to the criminal than a "son of a gun, and so he came over and related the story to The Equity, thinking no doubt that we would be quite equal to the occasion If William will, only turn his attention to hunting down the origin of these deeds of darkness, we promise to give him abundant assistance in the task of hang ing the critter.
da
OfBoe - Campbell1» Bay.
B. S. DOWD, M.D..O.M.
shave Î tired in favor of

M. D., 0. M Trinity : L. R. C. P. 48 , Edinburgh Licentiatb or Faculty or Physician» amd •
Huhoeunh, Glasgow.
Office à Reside nee In late Dr. Aatley’s House, Quyon Office hours : 8 to 18 a. m. an<l'7 to 9 p. iu.,

Personal.
I
Mrs. Cox ford, of Pembroke, haa been visiting her daughter, Mrs. Rich. Mitchell, for the past two or three weeks.
Miss Klock, of Aylmer, is at present the guest of her brother, Dr, R. H. K lock.
Miss Church, of Almonte, and Miss Grant, of Portage du Fort, were the guests of Mrs. R. G. Elliott last week.
Mrs. Wm. Shaw,of Ottawa was on a visit to her daughter, Mrs. H. Hobbs, last week.
post paid. Ad Co., Brockville,
2 boxes $1
H. McLELLAN, D.D.S.,
DENTIST,
With Dr, D, DcPlice, Msdawaslta St., Arm prior.
Complaint is being made by some of our citizens against the practice which is be coming prevalent of young men and boys congregating in front of stores and on the street corners and acting in a manner not at all becoming. If the matter were pro perly laid before the mayor we have no doubt steps would be taken to stop the nuisance.
REID BROS.
9
THE ARCADE STORE,
u We say thanks, hun Furthermore, if any poor in delicate health and
G. G. STEWART,
ARNFRIOR, ONT.

Miss Walsh, of Arnprior, was a visitor at Mr. Lovell's last week.
The many friends of Mr. James Robinson are pleased to see that he is able to be around again, after his somewhat pro traded illness.
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON,
1. R. O. P. AND 8., EDINBURGH.
_ Residence and office In A. Smiley »a house, Blmaldt.
Office hours—8a.m., to 12 a.m., and 7 p.m. Telephone No. 8.
Dr. W. H. Klock, of Ottawa, came up Saturday evening to child of Dr. R. H. Klock
the eldest , who with other complications has lately beau prostrated with an attack of pleurisy. On Sunday morning, assisted by Dr. Lyon, Dr. Klock performed an operation on the child and succeeded in removing a quan tity of pus from one of its lungs
Readers, let us tell you this on the honor of men and principle, that four boxes of that honest medicine, Dr. Allen’s “Pearly Pebbles” are just worth $400 00 to any weak man, weak woman, or pale, delicate, dying bloodless girl. Father, give them a trial ; mother, give them a trial ; daughter, try them and they will make you plump, rosy, and best of all, healthy. Two boxes, post paid, for $1. Address, Allison Med. Co., Brockville, O.
see
P.S.—You are invited to inspect our Spring assortment of general Dry Goode which is now complete.
on
Young Girl, have you a pain in your back, and do you feel as if your dress and cloak was a burden for you to wear, and most any kind of a noise would almost scare the life out of yot^ Please to speak to your mother about ifc^nd if she is an intelligent mother and has your health at stake, she will send and get you four boxes of “Dr. Aliena Pearly Pebbles, which will cure you at once and fur evermore. Mother, save your daughter from going into decline, wont you?
Address, Allison Mkdiuins Coy.
Brockville, Ont.
Missionary Social»
artiiijr McConnell.
4TTOKNEY AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull, I\. Que, will, at request, attend allcourU n the district. All oorrespomienceprompt*
y answered.
Will be at Hbawvllledrst Thursday ofeaeb month.
A missionary social was held at the house of Mr. Joseph Chapman, of Bristol, on Friday evening last, ft was gotten up by Mies Chapman a member of the Woman's Foreign Missionary Society of that place.
Mr. Andrew Grant occupied the chair, and the following program warn very nicely rendered :
Quartette-Miss Duff. Mr. A. W. McKech-nle.
Quartette—Misses Duff, and Dr. Stewart.
Recitation- Miss Chapman.
Rolo— Miss Jennie Macfxrlane.
Duett—Mrs Ne son and Miss McFarlane.
Reading—Miss Bur wash.	,	,	...
Solo-Miss Mary Duff,	A very pleasant apple social waa given
Duett—Mbaes Mabel Campbell and Bella ahly filled by Mr. Andrew Grant and a
Addrees^Rcv. Mr. Nelson.	lengthy program wm well rendered. Tho'
Solo—Miss Maggie Richards.	| the weather waa unfavorable, Almonte,
RecIlttlton—MHKtt-rCollins Young.	Arnprior, Onalow and Bristol Mines were
Reading—M!hë°Campbeil, Bristol Corners, well represented. It was evident that all Duett Misses Duff.	enjoyed the evening’s entertainment.
Fruit was passed % around, after which Proceeds $13. some time was spent playing games, which Mr. Wm. Lari vie spent a few days iis were placed in different rooms, the com- iting friends in this vicinitv recently, pany dispersed all thoroughly pleased Miss Brimms and Miss Monroe, teach -with their evenings entertainment.	| era, were the guests of Miss Burwash on
Saturday.
Mies and Mr. T Clarke of Clarke's station spent Saturday and Sunday at Mr.
HENRY AYLEN,
advocate:
Hull. - - - Que.
Mr. Aylen will regularly attend the sessions of the Courts at Bryson.

CEO C. WRIGHT,
Zlmelle, Que.
I
Shawrtlle Carnival.
t
The skating carnival which came off on the rink here on Wednesday evening last and which closed the series for this sea son was in every respect a crowning enc cess. Among the varied costumes worn a number were of a very striking as well as costly nature. Prize winners were as follows : -Representative gent's costume, T. W. Allen as Charles II ; représenta live lady's costume, Miss Bella Morrison as a bride , most graceful skater, (special prize) Miss M. K. Thomson ; Comic costume, Charles Smith, P. D. Fort. A half mile race in which four started was easily won by Eddy Lang. Following is a list of those who appeared in costume: LADIES :
72 MAIN 8T. • HULL QUE.
Waltham Notes.
At Pontiac House, Bhawvllle, on Court days —6th February, 6th April, 1st June, let October and 6th December.
Will attend all law courts In Districts"of Ottawa and Pontiac if required.
The Methodist church, Westmeath, on Tuesday morning, March 16th, was the scene of a very happy and pleasing mar riage, rendered particularly interesting by the high esteem in which the contracting parties are held. The bride was Miss Lizzie Campbell, second daughter of Mr. Robert Campbell of this place, and the Mr. T. H. Collins a well known
8. A. McKAY, B € L.
TAJOTAUY PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magi JLl Court at Bhawvllle . Agent for the Credl 1er Franco Canadian. Money to lend on easy terms
strateb
It Fou-

WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawvllle , Que., respectfully solicits gagementsfor any business In connection th all Courts In the County, Collections made And prompt returns assured
groom
and highly respected young man of Beach burg, Ont. The bride, arrayed in fawn cashmere with trimmings to match, loi ked the perfection of taste and elegance. A petty hat with gloves to match com the costume. She was assisted
B
en
wi
Bristol Carnival.
very p
through the nuptial ceremony by her sis ter. Miss Jennie Campbell, who performed her part gracefully. Mr. Collins, cle of the groom, did the honors for that gentleman in hie unual becoming manner. The nuptials were performed by the Rev. Mr. Peever of Westmeath. After the ceremony the bridal party, accompanied by the relations of the young couple drove to the bride's home where a sumptuous repast awaited them ; and where nothing that good will and generous hospitality could furnish was lacking to entertain the
The “ winding up" carnival at Bristol Ed. Graham's.
Corner» on the 16th inet., is reported by Mr. Robert Flint of Bonnechere paid a thoee who attended aa having come off | flying visit to Elmeide last week.
Mrs. R. Campbell ia visiting friends in
»
Nellie Grant, Tlie Blv fling Heart Alma Hobbs, Japanese Girl Kate McCagg, Night Gertrude Amy, Pop Corn Girl Edith Grant, Maid of Paradise Alley Effle McLean, Stars and Stripes Martha McGuire, Belle of France B Leflenr, Nurse Ethel Mr Kerb nie. School Girl Lilly Lang, Waitress A McKillop, Starlight Edna Wilson, School Girl Annie Lang, Good Florence Lang, .«efender Ida Morrison, Bride Olive Sutcliffe. Easter Dawn Jennie Hynes, Mary Queen of Sects Edna Hynes. Milkmaid.
Verna
Buddie McGuire, Flower Girl Maggie Thomson. Bohemian Girl
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,% OFFICE I — COURT ST., SHAW VILLE
9d as having come on
ry successfully. Of the list of costumed I Mre. skaters given below, the following were Ontario.
successful in carrying off the several prize» . Mrs. H. Lothian and Miss Jennie at offered :-Misa Janet Telfer, Snowflake ; j visiting Miss Lizzie, who is ill in Ottawa
On Friday evening a merry sleig* neisting of Mrs. E. Graham, M
ve
un
Mrs. H. Lothian and Miss Jennie are
Accounts collected and prompt returns made. ®
All courts attended.
h load
rs H.
W. C. Young, Conductor ; Miss Maggie ¦ MÊÊÊË.	I M
Laird. Pink of Perfection ; Percy Nelson, consisting of Mrs. E. Graham Amateur Racer ; Joseph Kilroy, Farmer. I McCredie, Mrs. W. Graham, Miss Bur Those in costume were :	, wash, Miss Campbell, Miss Muoroe, Miss
Graham, Miss Johnston; Miss Stewart, Miss Mabel Campbell ; Messrs. E. Graham, H. McCredie, W. C. Young, W. Graham, A. McKechme, J. Robertson, Collins Young and Dr. Stewart drove to the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Banning, Arnprior, where they were joined by a number of the latter’s friends. The amusements were of a pleasing nature and a most enjoyable evening was spent by
ST LAWRENCE HALL.
pv M.McLBAN ,Proprietor,Main it.Quyon,Que. U- This house Is In every way furnished to afford Excellent accommodation ror the travelling public. Go n nercial men will find the sample rooms second to none on.the road. The Baria al way aiupplied with the best brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigars. Good Livery In Connection.
Lurk
La dieu -Annie Johnson. Nuise.
A B Campbell, fetching.
Maggie Laird, Pink oi Perfection.
Ethel H Laird
Ida O Morrison, Water Nymph Carrie M Davis, Waiter.
Lena Gibbon, Nurse Janet Teller, Snowflake.
Alice Devis. Trained Nurse.
Jessie McLeod, Gipeey Girl Bella Thompson, Hltlan May Graham, Snowshoe,
Mary E Kilroy Mary Queen of Scots Mina McKillop, Gipsy.
Maggie Thompson, School OirL Miss McNeil, Queen of Hearts.
Miss McNeil, blare and Stripes.
Miss McKechnie, Folly.
Joseph Kilroy, Farmer Herbie Morgan. School Boy Andrew Davie. Widow McSorley G B Mon ieon. Jockey Wellington Nelson, Australian Bushman Percy Nelson. Amateur Racer Robert McFarlane, Old Maid Robert Thompson, Dude.
John H McKillop, Highlander
Old Mrs Flnnigan 1rs Young, Schoolboy Hugh McCredie, Weary Waggles A lei Orr, Irishman Wm C Young, Conductor Gilbert Telfer, Ob what Is It?
Charles Rooney, Bicyclist Thoe Warren, bade
Queen of Stare.
ynee, Nurse
McGuire, Little Red Riding Hood
guetta.
After spending a very pleasant afternoon the newly wedded couple with their friends drove to the future home of the bride in Beachburg, where a moat hearty welcome awaited them. The bride waa the recipient of many presents, and her many friends congratulate Mr. Collins winning such an amiable young lady and join in wishing both a long and happy journey through life.
Miss Lafienier, of Westmeath, is at present visiting her oouain, Miss Libelle.
Misa Annie Brneauit ia the guest of Mias Carroll at present
It ia with much death of a res
sister of Mr	__	_
The funeral took place on Tuesday and largely attended. The community
sympathy with the be their sad a (Action.
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE,
<iEN I I.I.MKN
0. Turpaln • - Prop.
Fred Coughlin Walter George Bell. Baseball Player Tancrede Gaboury, Baker Charles Smith, BAniuin's Handyman A W Morrison. Louis XIV Thoe W Allen, Charles II George Knight, Rivcrman Thomas Bell, Irish Gentleman Fred Amy, Tambourine Boy Arthur Richards, Clown Millie McG
Lassie
mHI8 hotel has been recently opened for JL the public accommodation, and has been equipped In first class style with all
*^Bar'furn^sbed^wdtb'cbolce liquor# and cigars, First class table .good yard and stable-I ng, and large commodious Sample Rooms
all
on
Mias Graham ia the guest of Misa Banning, A rn prior.
Mias H. and Mr. Marvin Campbell went to Bryson on Saturday to visit their brother, Mr. W. J. Campbell.
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Craig of Shawville, spent Saturday evening at Mr. R Campbell’s, Mr. Craig remaining for Sunday services.
Mr. and Mrs. George Cuthbertaon accompanied by Mrs. (RevA T. A. Nelson visited Lochwinnoch on Monday.
Miss Gibbon, who has bec.» spending some time with her aunt, Mia. McIntosh, has returned to her home ?n Renfrew.
Gut.

Gists
uire, Starlight ir, Snowflake
HilliardHodglns, < »ld Man Allan McRae. Going to Bed Wealsy Mason, Football Player Herby Dale, Bailor James McLean, Fakir Alex McLean, Clown Charles Burroughs, Snowflake George Ballant me, Spanish Cavalier

PONTIAC HOUSE
Shawville,
flue.
regret I report the pec ted lady—Mias N, Watte, . Alex. Watte of this place.
i
mm
0. CALDWELL, • - - PROPRIETOR. | convincing prices.
Albert Baird
Gentlemen,—Drop in and see our new stock of hata and suitings for spring. We are showing an elegant line of both at
G. F. Hodgins.

at large unite in reaved relatives in

Floss.










###PAGE###2###



tly till done. Remember to «kirn thoroughly. Take out the meat, add a
John B. Sargent, of San Francisco. Graham Gem*.—Beat one MN, two * rlJi omet* roade“ a# for ^hort^bierute who ha*t been in the Kootenay mining tablv#q,uunfulet of sugar aivl a little «alt only rolled thinner, lay Uie chicken districts for the iwst twxi month#, telle together adding one heaping cupful of in. letting the bone* lie toward the
a remarkable etory of the way a ten- graham flour in which a tearful of	% 8iu VhE
derfout from ftionkrenA discovered a	,HMiU‘r w mixed, and one cup	ter among the pieces of chicken, and a
gold mine in Umu far-away mining re- fuj ^ MWl.et m*lk; or. *auie aiuoutat of	few lung % rapa of the crust, put in
gion» The young man. who was a flour without the lurking ponder, and a few spoonfula of the gravy aa above,
Æ2 -ES KwS SSI EEE:H£Bc
SSwSÆSë 2fe3$tiSHe:55sv5=;« 2=Pu^ ‘ ;r rr" ~
¦HBKHHUB
¦ ¦	j him, and Sir Reginald fed him with his none of them very large, and were	ot granulated *ug»r. m breads with a lltllt water or soup stock
JWhof .xc,aimed Kleaa«. who aaU	”°	j *“* ¦«“«* ——“ % J?	Z^L* Tat. a
beaida him In the ett-rn-aheeU, in a -What has made you suapeot Joshf" wurat Lr»lt «t vharacler was tlio la- no“r “* * . .)m. 0Ul,|Ul I fmiror »¦* "Her, and place on lettuce, terrified tone.	said Eleanor in a low tone when Sir mUiarity which bred anger, rallier Paa'* ' * *	*	°*'	.	**	^ s3l a mayonnaise or any
^ - rWii»	% i —zi z rszzr EraS™ :e	wv
the impsilaive soldier	'mechanically	oeive me;	I have studied his charac- “on they saw three bears investigating spoonful of salt, one-quarter of a heap-	both sides nf the linen, of a little soft
played with the butt-end	of his nearest	ter and	countenance too	much for the eurroun/dinga of the cabin, occasion- »ng teaspoon fui of cream tartar, one-	soap, a little powdered starch, a pinch
rwzr	fcHL^sSF
"Nay. better risk any thing than im- ; blind confidence in the words of the outside.	mixed. Three and a half cunful# will ---------
brue our hands in blood. Reginald." man she loved. "But what a glori- Both men were armed with rifles, t*3 about right. Beat the white of the i To purify tbs water cooler, either
«•ïï rïCtïSi i££	s	; « HEHE-itsS SHK? ^
ly on, his arm.	* ; [ "It l« a glorious day. But, Eleanor, they delivered ilieir lire two ui the on,-quarter of an inch ^ick Jhe Mxder Tb clean the silver «moons and fork»
"True, love," said the freebooter I J must warn you The sun is rising bears fell, the third scamperuag off up k better it will be Bake in tart in ev,rv dav use rub them with a damn
ls :: =f £ % ü	-H^lrEK'E	E w îfflfwftnss
1	..» ——- ! | K&” % £3ks5 5t.EE£:!Eu;HE «. —.	- -* — saT-is «SrHH
me nea\en«.	.	for them.	.	asteries are maid to have had a dec id- taM It looks like etching, as the crests
—-sÆ^dsrr::
, j tv ,	;	,	:	,	,	.. thing that occurred to bun—dropped once voiced an aspiration that hue meal and c*h*r groceries In the naner
g&zz	«yxr&stiisâsx EJmSEHE «ra ÏHEra
iwi mm mmwÊsmmm
péep^'^e-eesesse;;;":
taking up the lung glass before men- and the green tropical vegetation of {^aneboa tiie young tel low found to allowed to leave it and the fle^h bf	¦¦¦¦
"It . Uw Lone Sim, lint twelve milw vMdu.h“o dLp’în1—'1 tint” end*1' tb?»	™,,rei1 fnm tiia’.rieîrt'^.Qd^reloàdJd To proper. • chicken for I he Uhlo	nr*‘—1 W''*'o.-Wrn'o.e .ta .ou.,
distant." he continued. "They are spreads itself upward unchanged to the	SHOT THE	ANIMAL	it should lie drawn at once, for the	1fane *nd th* «^rfluoiis fat from
HpISÊ	###$#	sasgt:
SHdEEE	-Zk.tsz\
ed alongside the wreck a few minutes, however, touched land, and Sir Regi- fc, had accompfwhed 2 than half ! makM th* stuffing heavy. Sew up the hours in a very slow oven. When half and then hurried away, with all sail nald drew it under the rover of the the distance the last root gave way. | body and draw the skin covering the don*' J*** the meat and add twx> tea-set, in a direction which left very lit- îretï’ vx llch on '’on 1 Island grow down i and there seemed to be nothing be- °r°P up to the neck and fasten it with ***(%?, f	also peppercorns and
BEH" EEE§1 e%i ! mmmim :	W1 ^
i have not for two nights, and my eyee “J9to,r'*I, J:!»I But the strangeet feature of the ad- ! °°olf « a roaster; each time dip up
EHHEH sgs5ssl.®ia*as2 mmmm ehhh:: :
breeze stiffens in the least, and wake tm. f * imilZ*Ifi hvffh,?«kL« 1>a a «uspecWd. -Now the ymiÿig man from over U, pepper and salt it well and ter or stork or one cup water and one
kssssh Pir! £ s®. mmm m
####'
EEi^EEB-' *s pEEnExlMi	«teas h3E£&&J5é
oould not but be charmed at the scene }ElrPf *t by him to the last, intending tamed till sober, and then dispatched Lrmled t hu ken.—Split the chicken macaroni and sauce, with one table»-which presented itself. The sun dfir°Z lt .lf j16 fel1 [n3to ^e pow- to bia home in another cab. and the down tb*	leaving	the breast PoonfuJ of cheese on top. Bake fifteen
of clouds which hung above it. wa),.e<1 lt aloft. It was not noticed puMtcan wbn served ?he bibulous delin- breast upward. Cover and cook till
The water had become comparatively at JXrs^ he waved it again, raising it j quezgt with, his last drink. But for a the juice dropping on the coals thrra- a ^“*poonful of strong rennet. Break
ssa‘!. “d«s? ’Si' sis js	:a'VFtr&fbsnssrjz.	m.	«
warm. There was a novel odour, too, ~ ' JJj1 ifjf of the Lone turn to Turkey. 1 here the punishment ten minutes to the pound When half ourd OI* well-beaten egg. a dessert-
iissi	mmi
eently the moon rose upon the now pel- I^101 ?f. island. Satisfied with this xietv to get over the first three con- n n.
lucid waters, changing the whole wide 5^n	,'***%?' the delighted man j viciions must be considerable ; but the Roast ( hicken.—Joint the fowl,
flood to a mirrored sheet of molten	Î!°S,.h,s	a*jd hurried thoughts of the after-joy will doubt- the pieces with salt and pepper din
¦emtotesi®®
gradually allowed herself to give way	(lo-iü L ont meed.)	young	bus land, at their first break- wn with salt and pepper, pour over
to pleasant thoughts. She glanced at %.-—	at	h«>me.	v	it a cup of boiling water or weak «au»
the future with some little hope, and	_	, I Y«va, she answered ; I talked to the I stock. Cover and cbok fifteen nt »^Up
forgot the present so effectually, that v^hr8® 1ch*r!t;!?*e, ladles in Camden, market man about that, and he said ty minutes to the pound Tnr. fi1" she began to doze. First all around N J., collected #75 to and a poor woman that it wae economy in the end never chicken when half dons *T..i i #e seemed a vague picture, then all was who had just lost her husband. They to buy weak butter. He said that even it is done, turn the breast ud ward a"re
distinct again—the boat, the sky. the called at the bouse of mourning, raw though this might cost a little more, baste well with the gravy drïd^Vft moon, the waters; and then she saw an the supposed corpse on the bed. and gave people oould get along with less of it, i flour, and set it in the oven ,^g, lh old baronial hall, crowds of servants, the money to the widow. Just after and it would last longer."	Thicken the gravy with brownJ T0,
Sir Reginald smiling by her side, with eav.ng the house one of the ladies re-	   41_	j	I and serve in a bowl or gravv îl/i
a vapoury outline of sundry little faces turned quicklv to get a glove# she had I Nsnsen is to receive the degree of l	* y uoat
which she had never seen before, and dropped and found the corpse counting I doctor of science from, Cambridge Uni- I thtoken I ie.—Cut up two chickens jet whloh were quite familiar to her. the money.	I varsity this month.	cover with cold water and «tew
THE HOME.
THE LUCK OF A TENDERFOOT.
THE LONE STAR.
CHAPTRR X.	I "Lie down, dear Eleanor,** suddenly
Sir Reeinnld had at once .tapped hi.
mast, and fixed a tali sprit «ail. ad j sir Reginald held the tiller in his mirably suited to the boat. Ha tad, hand, ana was pulling aft the sheet of before leaving the brig, during t he day. the «U, wtuch. ^«r.ng the^brief do,.
"Was I asleep?" «
"Yes, Eleanor, and so was I, like
was
token several observations which gave him a pretty good idea ot his position.
i
It
ne-
ry
!
answered EQeamsr in a low tone; "ib has been our friend until now. and will not desert us words.'*
Sir Reginald did not reply ; he was
pape-
•wept the dark horizon
Put
rj
ver
sauce.
Brown Bauoe.—Brown two table-
0M4

minutes.
Curd Cheese Cakes.—Take a pint and a half of new milk, and curdle it with
dust
• i
ENGLISH LAWYERS
in the English Court of Chancery ; sergeants at law who and lawyers of the
highest rank, and answer to the doctor of the civil law ; only after 16 years of practice at the bar can one become a sergeant. Queen’s counsel are eminent lmwyere who are given by the Government that title and from their number all the Judges are chosen.
There are no orphan asylutins in Australia. Every destitute orphan child *s sent to a private family al the expense of the State* and maintained until h« or she is fourteen years* of ag*
goo-
L_____




	



###PAGE###3###

FELL AMONG THIEVES.
A TERRIBLE VOYAGE
Thu radar by Cambridge University upon Mrv Thorn V. Ward, retiring United State* Amlnwadur. end upon the retiring French Ambaaeador, Her-cm de CoutooL
The British imparts from Canada Increased 160 per cent!, in February, and 100 per oenli Ini the two month* of the current year, while British Importa from all countrlw only advanced four
per cent.
The entire staff of employees at the Devonport dock yard, mini tier mg 6.00(1.
tieen ordered to work overtime for the purpose of hastening the completion of the fitting-out of veseela up-whlch they are engaged.
UNITED STATES.
baa four mild case# of
sphere, and the British Niger Oomi is considering the question of expel them by force.
President Crespo, in hie address to the Venezuelan Congress, endorsed the treaty .signed by Sit Julian Pauncefote and Secretary Olney, and pressed it upon the attention of the Conferees to the exclusion of aJl other business
The residence of Mr. Robert Mason, British Consul, in Havana was searched by the Spanish police during his absence, but nothing was discovered. Upon complaint, the chief of police who ordered the searuh was discharged.
•any
ling
The Robbery of • Toron to Lady In Cleffr
lend.
A despatch fmm Cleveland, Ohio, says:—Mrs. B. A Fletcher, a handsome and dignified-looking matron, arrived in CJevelend early on Friday morning. She had nut been in the city more than five minuit cm before she had a sample of the cold inhospitable manner in which OleveUud treats her gUests. In fact, she hud n<A left the Union station before she discovered
that her sai.cned, containing all her Wonginga including her extra clothing and cash, bad beer* purloined by a sneak thief hies to a policeman, ed the detective, who is always at the station to take card of hist such cases. The latter had been watching a rather suspicious-looking ruan for some time, <1 for the time being had lost sight of him. When the story was told to the detective he at once suspected the individual referred U* and started on his track. It did not take him long to find him. he being 'traced to a disreputable house on. Hamilton street. The man was promptly arrested, and on being threatened with imprisonment, confessed the crime, and told the officer to whom the Canadian visitor's belongings had been sold. The satchel was subsequently restored to the owner, and the thief sent to gaol. Mrs. Fletcher had come here on a visit.
EXPERIENCE OF A PASSENGER ON THE LAKE WINNIPEG.
me very latest from all the
WORLD OVER.
«wept hr High graft-Water la Ike Raffia*
Moom* -The Pauvnig*r* and drew Caa
llnuuiiwly Haling.
One of the passengers of the Beaver line steamer Lake Winnipeg. » man named Lapp, has described the terrible experiences of that vessel on her long passage across the Atlantic. The Lake Winnipeg, Capt. Taylor, left St. John,
NJJ„ on Feb. 14,. lor Liverpool, and only arrived in the River Mersey on Thursday last, 25 days out. It appears that the first mishap happened on Feb.
17. ' Very heavy weather was experienced, tremendous seas swept over the steamer, and water poured into her engine-room to such an extent that her fires were extinguished. The pumps wer eput to work but they became choked, and Capt. Taylor summoned the crew and passengers and informed them that the situation was serious, and that all hands must go to work with buckets in an attempt to clear the
ship. This was done continuously for seven days, during which the Lake Winnipeg, drilled, helpless, about the ocean. Many cattle and sheep died during this time, and the lifeboats were held ready for launching. Rut the weather was so severe at one time that several of the lifeboats were smashed, and after one terrible roll
THE CARGO SHIFTER	.	_
«uiul the Lake Winnipeg', potion ww A	Or-
rendered more dangerous by a severe ange Free State eays .—I resident Krur list to port. This, however, enabled ger, of the Transvaal Republic, has ar-the starboard engine to be worked for rived	with the view of ar rang Log
Vffi’SiSs*'.*rzszssz. “	«-/>»?
the bucket brigade was reorganized, vaal and tin* Orange Free Slate. (He
efforts of the passengers was entertained at a public luncheon, and crew in this direction had no ef- d „p;yknB to (foe eulogietio LowU of
nzn!Lmix£iSi i	- “•..«ek.st
Taylor to allow the Lake Winnipeg to State, hs saul hu	to^ooo
be taken in tow. The captain, how- tiwert tih« Queen «rights. Time,* he ever, showed great (courage and de- added won.d stiow in* had always determination, and succeeded in rein- fended (her Majesty (cheers) and he spiring confidence among the crew. Ten Fed to.d his people to respect her. lie terrible days of battling with the expressed tbf hope that, the two Rewaves followed, during which all the pumice would form lAdiaMJiuhle ties, live stock was jettisoned, and every but toe never had jny idea aft he Free soul on board worked at baling w ater St ate being absorbed by the fransvaal. from the steamer with the buckets j Oomtinuing, I resident Kruger sajd he or in shifting the listed cargo. Just as | knew he haxl to abide by the London things began to look a little brighter convention, but the Queen wha a trou-anunope returned it was found that j bleeome woman, and ut was therefore the wheat, which formed part of her I eeceeeary to deni with the question at cargo, had begun to swell, and a large ; union with the utmost caution, m* quantity of it had to be jettisoned, (hoped <*mie day to Wee a union of tbs Every day brclught fresh troubles for who e of Africa, the unfortunate Lake Winnipeg. Several men were injured while at work, and the supply of fresh water gave out, and it became necessary to condense sea w ater tor drinking purposes Gradually, however, the storm abated, and the battered steamship limped into port, after one of the most severe struggles with the elements recorded for a long time past.
f
InNrestlSff Items About Our Owu Country. Orest Britain, ths United State», end
All Ports of tbs Globe, Condensed nod
have
CANADA.
A new #12,000 Baptist church has been opened at Petrol in.
An earthquake shock was felt at Hamilton on Friday morning.
Manitoba's contributions to the India famine fund amount to #13,000.
Prohibition lata are organizing for the plebiscite campaign in Quebec.
Aid. Hall has been appointed Assessment Commissioner of Hamilton
A new railway from Winnipeg to Port Arthur is projected in Winnipeg.
A couple of Paris residents have been fined #10 each for using cancelled postage stamps.
The total shortage in the accounts of the late Treasurer Campbell of Brant County is nearly #25,000.
id the G.T.ÎL will transfer most of their yard work to the Port Huron side of the tunnel.
Rain storms have soaked the western departmental block at Ottawa which was recently damaged by tire.
Ottawa la to have a military demonstration on the Queen's birthday in honour of the jubilee celebration.
Capt. Prévost, the new Ottawa fire ehief, will be tendered a banquet previous to his departure from Montreal.
Mr. Oliver Fuller, an aged farmer, alone at WolfvUle, N. 8., wna murdered in him house on Sun-
on
ANOTHER FOUL MURDER
I
Rochester •mad l pox.
Robert G. Blain. brother of the late James G Blain, is deed at Washington.
The New York Centrad railroad has declared the quarterly dividend of 1
per cent	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Earning# of the N Y. Central Railroad in February amounted to #3,300,-400, an increase of #94,820.
The first Iwefsteak that ever reached Circle City, Alaska, sold for fort freight dollars a pound a few weeks
ported her trcm-no in turn notifl-
n
e re
su
AN OLD MAN FOUND DEAD IN A POOL OF MIS OWN BLOOD.
Tragedy la Meta Beella—Tlie Murderer"* Fool prim» ma Imporlnnl flue—The
an
Weapon I *ed was au Ase.
A despatch frofcn Horton Landing, NJS., says;—A fearful tragedy was discovered on Sunday afternoon, when Mr. Oliver Fuller, a somewhat aged and infirm old man, living alone in what i» known as the River road between Avonport and WaJbrook, was found lying on the kitchen floor in a pool of hie own blood, iwith two wounds in him skull, his face all hacked up, and hie throat out, all having evidently been made with an axe.
Mr. Fuller had been living alone of late, in a house a small distance from the road, anil about half a mile from an#one else. HLi nearest neighbour is aliout three-quarters of a mile away, The first thing which made the people think that anything was wrong was on Saturday night, when the little daughter of Mr. Davison used to go to the postoffice, get his mail, and take it up to him. She did this on Saturday, and on approaching the house was surprised to find it locked up. She went and got her mother, and they went over and had no better success.
and got Mr.
ago
An extra watdh has been placed upon Butler, the alleged Australian derer, owing to hi# threat to commit suicide.
It I# expected that the revised United States tariff will increase the duty <*d coni importation# from 40 cents to 75 cents a ton.
The Upper Bouse of the Arizona Leg-ture, has passed a bill making leg lative session# hereafter to be at ten years interval.
Percy Dame, a/ teller in the Mer-chant#' National Bank at New bury port, Mass., has confessed to the embezzlement" of #7,600.
Thomas M. Bram, mate of the hark Herbert Fuller, has been sentenced to ! be hanged at Boston on June 18 for the murder odf Capt. and Mrs. Nash.
A bill will be Introduced into the New
und-
mûr-
it le
A TROUBLESOME WOMAN.
IS-
Preildeil Hreger*» feelrmptisee» H#farmer U I hr Qerea.
living
found
day
The stamp mill In connection with the Kingston School of Mining is now crushing ore from different places night •md day.
The Government will send a small exhibit of Canadian cereals and wood

But all the

York Senate and Assembly pla< mg er censorship of State officials all newspapers published in New York Hi 14^
Kt^khLbS* InternaUonal Exhibition at I ^ Uniud 8utw	of
1 h«^ Dominion Department of Publie 5r last year’s Wheat crop and 44 per-Works h* J?eMi noUited that the sur- leant, of the oat crop ie still in farmers’ vey of the Fraser river, in British Col- |#,*nds. umbia, has commenced
the
They went home again
Davison* who went and milked the
cows, which were mow lying in the
barn. They did ndt think anything
wee wrong, but supposed be was away anil unavoidably detained. However, Davison want over on Sunday morning, and still seeing no signs of life went for Mr. Stewart, Mr. Fullers nf-pibcw. Between them they decided to break down the door. On doing so they discovered Mr. Fuller as before told. They immediately notified a doctor and a coroner. Mr. W. C. Hamilton was promptly on the scene, and
empanelled a jury.
Dr. F'uller deposed that the puts on the head were made by an c.xe or other sharp implement, and could not be self-inflicted. Mr. Stewart and Mr. Davison deposed to finding the body, and Dr. Fuller stated that death was evidently caused by the blows on the head, any of which would have caused
death.	-JMI .
The jury put in a verdict in accordance with the facts, imputing murder to a person or petrsons unknown.
A warrant was immediately issued for the apprehension of two tramps whose actions were very suspicious, and who were around yesterday afternoon. Constable Denison was dlately sent on the trail.
It seems that the old man must have been murdered about one o’clock on Saturday, as he seems to have been in the act of making a fire for dinner, and from what people know of hie habita, he evidently got his dinner between one and two o’clock. 1 he murderer came behind, and used the axe with which the old mao cut his wood, which was very sharp and heavy. Saturday being muddv jhe murderer was tracked up to the noise and back to the road and ae far up the road as what is known as Deep Hollow bridge. He evidently wore rubber boots, which were badly, worn, as the heels are very- distinct, while the front part of the foot is spread out badly, as if there- was not much sole on them. After committing the deed he looked the house and threw the axe into some bushes by the road-aide. He evidently carried off the key, it has not been found. An un preset his tracks has been taken, and
No mo-
The Baroness Bertha Von Builow, of John Foreman, of Hamilton, was kindergarten fame will arrive in the stabbed in the back by a young man United States the last of this month with whom he had a dispute in the to make an educational tour of the vestibule of St. Mark's Church
The tender of the Kingston Locomo- The «00 employes of the Globe Ship-live Works for the construction of two building Company, Cleveland, who have steel bargee for tbr Montreal Trans- weeks have returned to* work, wimportation Company has been accepted, weak, have returned to work,
Prof. Craig,-Government Horticultur-	repute.
1st, in the course of a lecture in Oita- Secretary Sherman the other day wa on Thursday night, spoke at some »'*"<** the extradition papers author: z-length of Ontario as a fruit growing	(beAusUahan nm-
province	vers of Lee Weller, who is wanted in
The On nidi an Indien Famine fund Au“trali* «“ »	of nmrder
cont ributions have reached the sum of •119,000 and another hundred thousand tinues quiet, according to the reports hupees will be cabled to Calcutta in of the chief commercial agencies at a few days	New York. At the same time there is
Mr. Alfred Pichette of Montreal fell a and to some extent imreaain* from the third etorey balcony of hie “tlvjty in different lines of Industry, house while enmied In adjusting *a Steady price., and increased railway pulley for a clothesline. and waa killed, earnings have increased confidence in
pieiSsi M
Ju, ,	__ is experienced in shoes, headwear, and
An order bas been isiued from the clothing generally; while in the West Militia Department calling in all the md South Agricultural implements are old rifles and side arms, and as soon being enquired for. Despite some dees these are in the new Lee-Enfield creases, prices are usually well main-weapon will be issued to the ^different tained, and prospects are reported as battalions.	most encouraging.
country
Mr
•a»
THE QUEEN AT GIUIEZ
I
HER MAJESTY S ESCAPE FROM A SERIOUS ACCIDENT.
Business in the United States con-
The 4 oafhmmn * PwesM #f itsi-TI® Keysl A purl el mu ml lb* KxrfUUr Motel Regina.
c“—ben Kxpbr;;;":^D,WB “,m	Zvt
.	_	.	.	... T . lion to the hotel) at Cimiez was marked
A despatch from Evansville Ind an incideot. Her Majeety was seat,
«y :-Tbe most disastrous wreck that ^ ^ aD open lalldaiL wben the horse
®ig
52: 2	rt£	.
last Friday in getting the road in cape. She was much unnerved, and was shape for travel. It was pronounced deadly pale.
safe last night, and train service was j,er Majeety and her attendants. There
SSSf	ü*™ W , w .*»
safety, and the train that was wreck- journ at Cumez at the Exoesior Hotel, ed was coining on under these orders. Regina. An entire wing of the build-At » point three-quarters of a mile mg httg lie„n aet aparl (or the use of north of Hazelton, the roadbed, inch gLTe abouf qq rooms in this wing,which is built on an embankment, suddenly bave been comp.etely isolated from the gave way, and the engine, baggage reet of , he bote> by a W»U running car, and a part of the smoker went frcjm top to bottom. A special elevator down The engine turned over, but j€su1b to ^ Queen's apartments, which the baggage car remained upright. are on the firsl f.«or. Her Majesty's
was also killed.	'	of ber Majeety ie furnished with ye.low
__1 _ paper,* light blue «ilk curtains
and draperie*, and furniture of rich mahogany, in.aid, the chairs and settees being covered in light blue silk. The reception-room is furnished with * ye.low empire s.lk curt&infl and draperA special from Birmingham, Ala., iee, the mahogany furniture l>eing says:—The north-bound express train, mounted with brass, and * be .chairs
<• --o-ww. « s-..™-.	a
A Cle vela mil Merebmai Bbmt by a BelecSIve railroad, due at Louisville at l-.2o noon rej velvet curtains and walnut furni-Im <*blrage-»beu Fired ml Flrelmg Wednesday, was held up by six masked ture. A continuous balcony runs from
Calera Tuesday morning. The the sitting-room, and leads to a gi
Count Herbert Bismarck, in a recent A despatch from Chicago, say»:-Bul- train had ttSïwwo1 meT'toLÎtedfthe	®«¦ hay ber'break fast* served
> toTsr^ ».	Ifsü
It is reported that the Duke of Man- mirai von Hollmann, Secretary of t ti* ter addressed to “G. Slack, 109 i rank-	‘
fi’aJsrfQavsrs sr	^ *
M in thh:	criai.*»-» ^ A^roungmnnU,
zmm wmêM
DISASTROUS WRECK.
îmme-
The Quebec Government has granted $500,000 to the scheme for building
a bridge between Montreal and Lon-	.	.	,
gueuil on condition that the Federal neuralgia and cannot sleep.
Government and the city each contrib- The German Budget Committee has ute a like amount	refused to vote the navaj credits for
Major Wilson Smith presided over a new vessels large and influential meeting of Mont- President Faure h taking lessons in n»l citisene to consider the ou» Rue,ian in view of his expected visit tion of celebrating the diamond jubi- to St Petersburg.
5(^ss£«ap* s jsrjrtaraa
oslebration.	1 -	.	, of his birthday ovations.
à£&22&5à
amounted to $5,980. The judge regret- Prof. Koch's investigation shows that ted that under the law, which did not there are forty-seven cases of leprosy prohibit usury, be had to give judg- iD the Eastern Provinces of Germany.
AEHBEîæ
Ing the duty on ooafl the United States event of a war between England and Administrât loo was likely to take the the Hoars, the Boers would be victorh-eame course, but if it rained the duty ous.
it was still open to Canada to retaliate. The announcement that Japan
“s-Ais ^æÿSâtfstïiatss
peg, recently appointed Y. M. C. A ttie
Secretary for Michigan, will be sent The Norwegian Storthing has made back if be comes to Detroit, and an handsome grants to the captain and effort will be made to collect the pen- crew of the F ram, recently returned alty, of $1,000 from the Michigan Y. M. from the North Pole.	' '.	'
C. A. for violating the alien labor law
f> LN Eli. A I>
one
Prince Bisknarck is suffering from
*
l
to date and 12,
sion-----
WUI fTOiaZy “ ^ri&f for the
had no money and
i poeain
crime. The old main
no enemies.	..
Excitement rune very high, and- if the murderer is caught it wnl go hard with him. A crowd quickiy gathered, and blocked up every approach, so only meagre new» can be obtained.
live can
Hourl
•It? I
HELD UP THE TRAIN.
Lealftvtll* and KaWtivlll* Exprès» Robbery
BECKLESS SHOOTING.
men near
iUXi
ne-
ANOTHER CHANCE.
There is no way to mend my broM* fortune», sighed the disconsolate
he was one
NORWAY'S FIRST IRONCLAD
An ironclad for the Norwegian Government was launched lately from the AipbuUding yard cf Sir William Arm-
en
yqung man.
,,	, But they might be spliced, yon
Btroae * Co,. England. Thu, b the kmw ehurk1ed the sly old millionaire first seagoing ironclad ovned by the wbo8 * homely daughter has passed the
Norsemen, who in the old days swept | hey-day of life.
with their Viking ships. This
nt‘d the
He
the
er*
modern vessel wm
"Harold Haarfager," after the first	_
King of Norway, by Mme. Stang, who Ye»,	she	said bitterly. I must
is herself a descendant in the thirty-	fess that	he deceived me as to	his
third generation from King Harold, habits.
The ironclad is heavily armed and ha* Does he drink, or gamble, or any-ft oooninK towor sod two torpedo * ubes, I	thi 114c	il»	k i ou f * nijii 1 rt*d the ot	heft
and the armor belt is from four to No.	Before we were married he	le
w ven inches thick. The builders have I me to believe that he had a habit o an order for a second ironclad for the | talking in his sleep about all his 4*
And he does not.
BASELY DECEIVED.
pired
NOT ON THE BOOKS.
Now, said the customer, I want this ring by the 10th. Can I have it
tlNo,fsir. More than that, the fast that y cm want time compels me to ask for a deposit before we make the ring.
The
on
«Tïl>
logs










###PAGE###4###

entered at 20 per cent ad valorem. Oh is increased to six cents a pound from 4 ; eggs increased from 3 cents a doaen to 6 ; bacon and hams remain the same ; barley, which was 30 per cent, has now been increased to 30 wheat, from 15 cents, to 16 cents per bushel ; oats, from 16 per cent to 16 cents per bushel ; rye, from 16 per cent to 16 cents per bushel ; wheat, from 16
26 cents a bushel ; hay, from
The fiquity.
Spring
Requisites.
THE LADIES WILL BE CLAD TO GET ACQUAINTED
With our new epriag 2ATS & CAPS DRESS GOODS.
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 25, 1897.
cents per bushel ; buck-
The Advance alludes to Mr. Poupore’s speech as “brilliant yet deceptive oratory." Our cotem cannot stand even a juat criticism of its friends at Quebec, because justice and truth in this case must necessarily condemn.
per cent to *2 a ton to $4 a ton, and other things in proportion.—Ottawa Citizen.
SPRING
o
Timothy and Clover Seeds. Coarse and fine Salts.
Remember that Dr. Allen's Pearly Pebbles have no bought nor cooked re commendations ; their benefits are living witnesses. Then we ask you this :	Have
you a pi kidneys ?
boxes will cure it, and we mean just exactly what we say. Try them. Two, -,	,
boxes, post paid, for |1. Address, Alii- JMcKfiy 8
sou Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.	|
ANTED-SEVERAL FAITHFUL MSN OR Women t*» trawl for r*s|>onalbl«» tab*Imbed house In the county of Pontiac. Salary |7H0. payable $15 weekly and expenses. Position permanent Itvfrreuce. Enclose selt-addreeeed stamped envelope.
The National, Star Building, Chicago.
Laundry aoap at your own offer—six bare for a quarter—at McGuire's Grocery.
The Liberal# are evidently in luck these days. On Wednesday last Bonaventure repeated the verdict of June last by a largely increased majority ; and on Tuesday of this week Mr. Laurier# whvs” coupled with the “ human meth-
Flour, Renfrew, P. D.JFort, and Wilson's.
pain in your back from strained 1 If you have, then we aay six
11 sunny
now in stock.
Rolled Oats and We are equally anxious to i
troduce them to you. We are
showing the newest and nobbiest effects in DRESS LENGTHS
Fence (0f 7 yards), prices ranging
from 40 to 75cts.
in-
ods" of his party proved invincible in the c unty of Wright where Champagne's ma-
jority over McDougall, according to returns to hand, exceeds 600.
W
Teas and Sugars.
Butter Tubs.
Barbed and plain Wires.
Poultry Netting.
Post hole Augers and Shov-
The speech delivered by Hon Mr. At* water on Thursday evening last, most attentatively listened to throughout, and few left the hall that evening with other than the conviction that the
was
Large Range.
FZBBTTABY HONOR BOLLS.
deliverance they had heard was the words of an honest man. One simple reason why it met with the approval of a conscientious Liberal present was that while the provincial treasurer had the floor solely to himself, and no opponent io sight, he did not take advantage of the opportun* ity to abuse hi# political adversaries.
Fine Quality.
NO. 7SCHOOL CLARENDON.
V. Class-Robert Hm I ley 1, Hugh Brownlee. Ida Armstrong (equal) 2; Ernest Armstrong 8.
IV Class—Harsh E Armstrong, Msry E Armstrong (equal) 1; Catharine 8 Glynn 1. Maud Smiley 1
III—H Armrtrong 1, Wesley Glenn 2, An gellna Hodglna 3.
Ii Cla
Low Price».
els.
Why not make it the occasion of a special trip to inspect these goods. They aro worth seeing, and remember, we have
the EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN THOSE SUITINGS.
Felt Papers.
Window Glass.
Wire and Cut Nails. Ready mixed Paints. Wall Papers.
Sap Spouts etc.
Ethel Caldwell 1, Mildred Pren-Mr. Atwater ia not one of the ilk which I dewt.^Hervey Glenn (equal) 2; Idena Pren-
mistakes abuse for argument, or mis-1 Vf II Class—Nellie Sinclair l, Emms 81 n-
Tepie.ent.tiou f„r fact. He .imply talk. |
plain, good horse sense.
I Class—Willie Brownlee 1, Albert Horner 2.
SEE THEM.
E. 8LY, Teacher.
Mr. Hector McLean expressed the correct idea when he contrasted the
NO. 4, CLARENDON.
V Class.—1, Mira McDowell, 2, John Arm-
character of the preeent Flynn Aduiinis* |1 ron* ; 3, EttteStrutt. tration with that of the notori.,u. reign |	2' Joeeph
of the Merciers, McShxnes, Pacauds,
€t. al. “When a person went to do business with the government now," observed Mr, McLean, “he did not encounter
HI Class—1, Franklin McDowell ; 2, Clarence McDowell. S. Laura Armstrong
II Class—1, Lawrence B« lshar ; 2.4Brnold H<>dglns ; 8. N«»rval xllgour.
II Primer—1. Lxmati Hodglns; 2, Blrtal McDowell; 3, John Knox
E. HODCINS & SONS.
We sell those and hundreds of other seasonable goods at prices that knock competition
J. H. SHAW.
M. Mathkson. Teacher.
• band of toll-takers and black*mailers,
at the doors, who exacted tribute money I NO I18CHO L, CLARENDON, before an entrance could be gained.”] M^gieYv^Tl F****'U Sam0el	°ut*
Quite true. Mr Pacaud and his brother
oofc IV.—Agnes tirant, 1 ; Alfred Catty, t,
.windier, have been ell .wept a.ido, .nd I	iTonderg*.,. Ells*
as long as Mr. Flynn has charge Of the Wallace.2 ; David Grant. 8
Government purse, the public may rely on o. h»rill!• '&adel! aT K“U*#*1 •' Nv ,,,,p ^ “iiace, his being able to keep them at a safe dis II Primer- Eddie Wallace l;Iiene Wallace.
tance. But though r.nquUhed W *«^, ; Bobm Met-political “crooks are by no means dead. | c*'f*. 2
They are waiting, patiently waiting outside the gates for their leader, Marchand, to welcome them in, should the province make the grave mistake of giving him
the opportunity. But the leoson taught, Hr. Ill ciuk. l.WUv.,;!. Tboa Manary; by past experience has been too severe to | 3, James Manary
readily forget. The people will certainly
keep the rascals out.
Q* ' F HODQ-IITS P”S"Prints and WaU PaPer8-
Attendance—Nellie Dunlop, Samuel Grant. David Grant, M . bel Walla e.
A E. Me ullouoh, Teacher
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
Shawville
Furniture store.!SAVING & LOAN 00.,
GLOBE
NO. B SCHOOL, BRISTOL
IV ClasH-1, May Manary ; 2. Louisa Taher ; 8. Katie Reid.
Jr. Ill Class-1. Mary Reid; 2, John Mtl-drum ; 8, Birdie Hughes.
Si. II Class- LIssih Held.
Head Office, Toronto, Ont
The subscriber desires to inform his old customers and the public generally that he has removed his blacksmithing busi- "R'TTR "NTTT TTR "fil ness back to his old stand on Mam Street A W	-L J. Vf AUAJ,
( opposite nobody,) wheie he is now pre* !
pared to execute all work with which he H*TTR%N[ TT1 TTT? TÜ may be favored in a most satisfactory X UAI)ilAA UAVJJ)
FURNITURE.
•)
Jr 11 niaaa—I. Annie Meldrum ; 2, Ollie Mc-Farlane ; 3. Harry Hughes.
Pt. II.—Minnie Tatter.
ÀGîiiorizeâ Capital - - $10,000,600 Shares -
Ki. Poupore's Views on the Ottawa Canal.
J B. Chapman. T«>«c»i*r.
• - $100 each
NO. 1 SCHOOL. BRISTOL.
Of the several speeches that were made I Qbade IV.—1, g no* MoUredle ; lion, men-in support of the Ottawa Canal project.mi a"hlMr*yPanunKrîn0dhdlcletlon’ P'-y-lology, the cccasioD of the visit of the very large ,, Mabel Meybew; mention In spelling deputation which recently waited on the and dictation, derivation, S. history and Dominion Government, none, perhaps, Frencb*
was of a more practical and convincing tlun%:l%y" 'nd^ h%WryT character than that of our own represen -	4. H .rvle Young ; hoo mention in selling
tauye.-	and dictation, derivation, physiology aud
Mr. Poupore was particularly happy 8* hielory when he pointed out the local advantages	^IAk112?w ’ hon' menllon lu Phy-
which would accrue to the UlUw.dUtnct Hon. mention ,n 8. history : -8. I.llile if the canal were constructed. He clear- Thompson ; 7, Lillie Morgan ; 8, Lillie Lilly established beyond question of doubt worlh*	É WÜM
that each little hamlet which now exists Grade III.—l.Harvle MoCredle. ho. . men-
along both sides of the river Ou., J would grow up to be prosperous mauufac luring towns. The production of pulp alone would create a market for the raw material, of which there exists an uu- ,	,
limited quantity all along the banks of & Hodgms . Qoyon, is still going on, and
the Ottawa-add to this industry the de “* result people are going home daily
velopment of our iron, nickle, asbestos, Wlt“ *r, a,e, bargains such as have
never before been offered.
E. W. DAY, -WM. BELL, JOHN FLETT,
Manager & Secretary. —	— President.
— Vice-President.
Special ATTENTION paid to
HORSE-SHOEING -0
o
AND all kinds—
All Orders Promptly
Filled.
JOBBING AND REPAIRING.
A local branch of the above company has been organised in Shawville and i# prepared to receive applications for shard# with the following officers :
Charges Moderate
REPAIRING.
A. Lyon, M.D., Preaident.
J. A. Cowan, vice- Preaident.
W. W. Ireland, Secretary and Agent. S. A. MacKay, Solicitor.
Any information required will be given by applying to the undersigned.
W. W. IRELAND,
Secretary and Agent.
Thanking the public for past favors, the subscriber hopes by strict attention to business and by giving good satisfaction to merit a continuance of their patronage.
Amanda B Camphkli.,
Teacher
The slaughter sale of goods at O’Meara
J. McABTHUR.
J* LESTER. I « M. Donaldson*, old aland.
phosphate, eilver and marble, all of which is found at very many pointa in the county of Pontiac.
We have in the township of Bristol iron mines fully equipped and ready to ¦
turn out an immense quantity of the beet | p*ee....
ore. At Portage du Fort wo have a meet Rea?#
valuable deposit of serpentine marble, UCKwneel....
which could be handled at profitable j
prices by water. At Calumet Island we |	........
have silver, plumbago, iron, lead, etc.,|R<’(>....
and throughout all that portion of the Ot- pu Ler* * " " tawa valley through which the canal nor. perIAn would pass, minerals of all kinds are „6e Per*w* found. Mr. Poupore showed that the j P?r ton* • development of those industries would ao A l8Ml augment the population that the farmer would find a remunerative market at hie , T ,	.,
door, w i. were, if th„ ««1 were carried j %%jTh!«ken. per lb.
Shawville, Nov. 9, 1896.
LIVERY,
Shawville Produce Quotatins.o
16 to 17 36
23 to 26
o----
Bristol:
R. HOBBS,' PROP.,
SHAWVILLE, - - HUE.I | A, J. JACKSON.
?
Saw and - -Grist Mills.
30
• • • •
• #
10
.... 12 to 13
6.00	to 6 50
0 00 to 0 00
8.00	to 9 00 .... 26 to 30 4 75 to 5.25
40 to 60
One of the best equipped
Liveries in the District.
CHARGES MODERATE.
THE PERFECT TEA
t
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
me
The undersigned begs to an-
nounoe to the. farmers and general public of Bristol and vicinity, that they are fully equipped for doing all kinds of
Hides.. Pelts...
e #
• • e
House A Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
####»# e e e e
e e e e
7
8
• • •
• • •
6 to 64
• • • • •
He wound up by declaring that this •—	...	.. ...	..	=
project should be non political—it was of WOOD’S PII08PH0DINE. too much importance to become a quea-1 T,l< **r< “1	Rem« <iy.
tion of party politics and no matter what government it was, whether Liberral or Conservative, which would carry t scheme through, it would not only ini-• mortal)ze itself, but would command the support of the whole people of Canada.
When Mr. Poupore took hie meat he re Before and After. ceived great applause.
Custom Gristing,
INCLUDING---
promptly and permanently WHITE FLOUR* GRAHAM FLOUR,
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR, CORN MEAL AND GENERAL HASHING.
?LL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
this
ESTIMATES PLILNIHIIKD.
the
In the Would
¦We are prepared to grind every day in the year (excepting Sundays) and our ar
=3 2£SrtV31
wish to save money and feast on whole- very freeh I*t* go into Mœaooa pedu^e* c some food, try our et one ground flour. I ..That !• why ““
IN ITS NATIVE PUSITV.
I8FACTION GUARANTIED.
mon g the changes in the American customs duties on animals and dairy products are these :	Horses are tfr pay $20
per head, or 25 per cent ad valorem ; cattle, #5, or 26 per cent ; hogs, $1.50 per head ; sheep, 75 cents per head ; other
animals, 20 per cent ad valorem. I nder ^ ,D shawville at Dr. Knox's Drug he Wilson bill all these * animale were store and everywhere In Canada by all re Tr| m'l.	sponsible druggist# E
A
ORDERS FROM ALL PARIS Of THE

SI; six. Si. On* wUl
be

COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
¦7,
It Is put up In sealed I Ibe. end sold lath reel!*-
; WORKMAN BBOS. & CO, :
•f If lb., i U>. and











e- *



###PAGE###5###
conservatives meet.
jaw œ rSS@35i
candidate to contest the county at the ap	interest in the approaching elec-
r:r.....xass
pealing to the people of this province on that the choice of candidate be made at	Jf _
its record,—wa# held on Wednesday last, ?JC0* After some remarks by Mr. H. M. V&D&ul&Zl TWOOdS. agreeably to announcement.	McLean in which he pointed out that . n lr ^	.
... .'.to b,	A. R. McGuire,
Mr. n. Hobbs, by which time the drew hit support from the doctor's propo-halt was pretty well filled.	sition, and it therefore dropped.
had been honored with the candidature of f°[ thf purpOM ?* *PP°m,tln8 the:: dele-the Conservative party for the seat in the I ***** u P1*0?0*^ convention.
Legislature, and hie attitude at that tioutar time. In addition to the reasons,
had prompt*! hiraPto requit* Mr'^obbi crowdLdV’th"'1? m**tin8 th,®,11*11. .
fiLS	¥-r'L
nomiii.tion some month, before the elec- f®*!'Ve^, :llh	*PPleuee	.
lion, he had tendered hi, re.ign.tion, in	* fe“0,tou,‘ e^ee1h %
5 «EHFiFE Pl^fSr #
EHHPrra
snsWSSWA S	^3
mnmiffhTf eY?de?c® that we are doing as
ssasssre i=gifM£	<=” s?Sm<,r8who
“ cr :,d ”b'wk3Lb'J h“ |	I purchased largely, and as they notice they carry
îiiïîÿ-toÆKS S'iZS	about double the quantity of goods for a dollar
*'3 MS:r:.".b-’At	that they would from elsewhere. They don't in any
%%=	I case fail to return and double their purchasers.
upon the political affairs of the province [Continued on 8th page ]	*
Teacher* Wanted.
HP!®
hit whereabout» will be itu tably rewarded.	LA WHENCE HLATTKKY,
tieeretary-Treasarer, MgR
Hheenboro, P.<$
STRAYED.
Flynn Ad ini nist ration, —which
“THE TAILOR ”
Black Suite, all style».
PS.
JAR. W. RRYftON, Fort Cou longe, Que.
March 15th, 1807.
EVENING MEETING — SPEECH FROM THE PROVINCIAL TREASURER.
par
was
with Mr. - , he wee . He was in-
on have
been the case during the notorious Mercier regime. He would not say that the government were not liable to some mistakes but he had yet to hear of one act of wrong doing on the part of the Fiyuu Government. Mr. McLean advised due caution and consideration on the part of the meeting in dealing with the matter before them. Hearty app'aume greeted the speaker on resuming him seat.
Mr. W. J. Pi hi pore being called on
stood by him at the ehctiot, m June last I #W*r* <*
We wish to again remind the public that dollar’s worth of
every
\TLTANTED—SEVERAL FAITHFUL MkN OR v V Women to travel fur reH|H>nsUile e*t*hHehed
MI
•¦Kiy ana expenses. I'fWIHoe permanent. _..... L, ........................ .	Enclose sell-addreased suraped envelope.
He was entirely in accord with the re |Tke National, star Build mg, Chicago,
mark» which had fallen from Mr. McLean,	-- "r—--	-----.......... .........
GOODS MUST BE SOLD REGARDLESS OF COST.
and commended hie action in giving the ¦	II A If r*	I
electors another opportunity of re affirm I	HA VF	THFM	I
ing what they had previously done, or of) 1	MfiyL	1	"
taking any other course deemed advisable under the circumstances Mr. P<»upore explained the nature of the understanding which had been come to torn* time ago, between Hon. Mr. Flynn, Mr. McL«*n and himself, sa to the date of calling meeting, and proceeded to drny in emphatic terms the rumor* which had been in circulation to the eff et that he was connected with s "ring" which had si ready decided the question of the nomin at ion. He wished to state that he was in
Those who have not visited the sale yet, should not miss this opportunity. The stock is complete in Expresses. | all lines. Whether you want to purchase or not call
and examine the goods and prices.
Road Carts.
Buggies.
Dry Goods, Groceries; Readymade Clothing, Hats and Caps, Boots and Shoes, Hardware, Crockery, Drugs, etc., in galore, at your own price at the monster Clearing Sale.
per/tct accord with whatever action his A whole oar load of Buggies, Road Carte, fnenda deemed it prudent to take.	Express Wagons, juat received, which
Mr. Poupore then referred to the issue*	you ere jnvitea to inspect,
which are engaging the nnnds of the
electors in the present campaign, and said that the first thing was to consider the record of the Flynn Administration If you W&flt &gOOfl Subst&D-
"ÎSÎ îi'J'to tial buKgy, eleguntl, d™ig,,ed
nothing in common with Federal affairs | 8.11(1 Wfill-uDlSD^t, 1 CUD 8Ult
yon. Call early.
O
and should not be mixed. He always found that when Dominion it sues were dragged into provincial politics that the province was the loser by it He was very glad to know that the H«m. Mr.
Flynn was carefully guarding against this, especially the bringing in of religious or racial iaaues, from which at the present
time, he might be expected to reap some I A Ç AJ| I | p y advantage. The speaker then dealt with | * ¦ wlwl Ikb I ^ some of the measures which hsd been introduced by Mr. Flynn, notably the assistance given to elementary schools, by which a large portion of the public domain of the province had been set apart for the suppo ment of these schools years he hsd represented this province in the Legislature, he had time and again drawn the attention of governments,— both Conservative and Liberal—to the great injustice which was being done to the cause of education in the rural parts of the province, and Mr. Flynn had been the first to take up the idea and put this
much needed policy into effect. Mr. I	e	e______________________________________
Poupore also took up the railway lands We are introducing the lat-	___
«si derign, m sPrmg & s™ wanted-An Idea
h.lf of dollars b, the transition. Yet mer * ashlODa.	.
She Opposition were condemning these	neys. WstiBisston, d c ./or their sl.8ooprito
measures, which he did not think one I	-------- I	of hundrwl larwUens w^leU
fair-minded, honest man in the county | The durability of garments turned out
innpuntUc)Tr ‘the p^vin^wouM of our «‘«blishment remain, unexcelled, say were for the best interests of all. and in neatness we can please the most
In concluding, Mr. Poupore again ex» I f ^ ,	I W Everywhere, to conduct business at home. No
preaood his approval of the course of Hon.	% canvaaalng; work Is simple writing and copying
Mr. Flynn in declining to mix up Fede- We your order with end „y, Î “££SSSUtt £« £££ ral With local issues, and he felt assured	I# experience required, but plain writer» prefer-
the people of Pontiec would aooord their be convinced of thaw facts.	X «1. Pennso.ni work to tho* content to enm
BB^tSftïSMSîïS -	Il----------:KSKWW-
¦idered it the best.	| Là, -B R A Tvl Hi
The meeting then proceeded to organ
is. for the coming campaign. Mr. Bd- Fa.shinnn'KIft TallOBs ward Graham, of Brietol, was elected pre. *	* cW"U ?
aident ; Mr. Paul McNally, of Camp ;	ShftW VIlift
bell's Bay, vice president, and Mr. W. J.
Bade, of Shaw ville, secretary treasurer.
BS#Hl Idea.SSS
decided on resolution that two delate. WSSj should be selected from each polling sub
Respectfully Yours,
Gsneral Blacksiiiiig.
O’MEARA & HODQINS.
Shawville.
Quyon, March 16th.
It Will Pay :ITou
rt and encourage* During the ten
To order your Spring
Suit from
[SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
MoCredie & Hodgins, - - Proprietors.
Sir
wealth.
¦
f
Men and Women
Sashes, Doors, j Mouldings, Blinds, etc., etc. manufactured.
A ll kinds of Plaining and Matching executed.
«
I
9
Shingles for Sale.
o
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished. ’
Twenty thousand first quality Pine Shingles for sale. Apply to S-
J. O. ELLIOTT.
PROVENDER FOR SALE.
LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
Shâwville, March I, 1897.
K
R. G, Hod gins.
Robt. McOedie.







afc . .





. , ;























«<¦
###PAGE###6###
ABOUT MODERN «TEENS	«HE
ewe of the
hogs. Gets hnmeaiek. Starts bat* and that was furgiwneas. A soldier
Sees an old man running U is father! in England wae UnMghti by a sergeant  NN#
I The hand, tom of the husks, gets a to the Colonel. "What," mays the Col-	_
» js.âïï'"xïfts*ïSSSî: »?..'.‘r'ss^ih. nBmorous », °«becb «,	»™ „t ra<»•«».
showing through the tati«ns, gets a Oh, no snya the sergeant, there is NINETEENTH CENTURY TOWN. Athens was fortified more strongly per-
sme
they come to a smile—the night dew and so the Colonel said: ‘'Well, young e»i la aad *mr Aihm»a»«i the riraeea Be s citadel and had beoonte a place of
“SS -BuE Em C, ”	Lr“
1 1	I We have made up our minds to for- There was a time when all the people# way, paved throughout, and abouthÜO
DIVINE AFFECTION.
GOD COMFORTS HIS PEOPLE AS A MOTHER HER CHILDREN.
A Wei lier'» simplicity ef laylreetlee—À Wether*» FaverlSUw—À Wether*# Way With LllUe Trouble» >A Mother*# Way ef Puttlua a Child te Sleep.
Siev. Dt. Ta Inage in this wrmoiv, cûuwe ain aspect of the Divine character which is seldom considered. To an unusually large audience he discoursed on
E—eh-'e mâmsm	eeeehee asasss;
<me luenmfr. tint will not cause ss teaching ual	_	Uod'. han;l !S a mother «hand. diftiouliy Greece, ha. apparently, pre- a,«demy. The former are numerous and
HEEEf= spësÆfeS	ErErE™ SSMi
mmâM	smss
hoid twenty or fifty Inters of affection an the others have l>een robbed. A gentle hand,	a loving	hand, a aympa-	conspicuous in the eye of the world
(hiring the year, and they will not sad favoritism ; but that is not the thetic hand,	a wft hand, a	mother s	wfaen [t wM tbe center of civilization
make as much excitement* in that home mother's favorite
night dew I and eo the Colonel said:	Well, young e»l laaud Near Aihrwwsen me e-iraeui
liSSU lliSf HHH mmm
i by picture# The sinner is a loot '<«* a positively Christian career. Oh,	jmt as people to-day now look to even in the course of twentv-three cen-
tre bridegroom. The church of God, quit your aarctain where - • f ^ • arreu fig tree The aman falls! Quit your irony, quit you	,.
[ supper Satan, a tittle tattle amt try f«reivenew. God oentunea ago tl nth a. mustard mmxt your Mother, tries it all the time. A as a center of
feet i
ll
Athena has an exposition hall, also of marble, where there are annual ahows
m one sheriffs writ; ind ao there we	.^VuiT* tto’ta.'W I •	^ from the be-
people Who are more attentive to those g^t over it. The scarlet fever muffled sleep. \ou know there is no cradle- gmning o( iht praBent century. The I Potion, continues for several weeks,
EB™™ iSl HgE méiÈ^m EEEBBE E^sFEB 1
HEEEE3 wmgmM wëma# ezezrEE
a thunder atortn, and there is a flash great many things which you do not Uiv night of death will t>e gathering there was not a business house or pub- I found in any other city, in the world, of Lightning that startles the child, and give us. He is your favorite/’ The *™SP*	vnlieW?L	lit the lid institution of any kind at the base |wiUl tbi single exception of Home.
the father say* "My dear, that is	*& Suïïi'taJS^S SES U& SfegVfe ffi ditgeof of the AoropoUa the Piraeus being the •	THE MUSEUMS '
f.ods eye." There comes a peal of in the world that needs sympathy more the organ or the knell of the church city, all trailer» and visitor* having !are eixywded with statues and noiterv thunder, and #he father says. My than another, it ie an invalid child, tower. #or the drumming of a dead their headquarters there, and thence I with vases and monumental inscris
and floods the landscape, and the Mother, has favorites. “Whom tbs	t^°#îi^I^ÎJS^^r^AsW^ne Hellenes was at another point, where ! brooches, which were worn by ladies
^forge,e t0 “y' "nwt u God'e Edt5.h IE,	*"«1 brzTbr:^i
The text of the morning bends with there one weak and eick, and sore. Asleep in Jesus 1 Far from thee been won by general consent the capital j is seen in all its details in the showcases great gentleness and love over all who *ud wounded and eufferig and faint f Thy kindred and their graves may be; was removed to Athens. It is, there- lhe museums. Most remarkable of
«— ,» it',	^	pJMrïssftWîiïi
lights up with oomjpossion. lb melts heart of God. Why it never coughs but A Scotchman was dying. His daugh-	A NEW CITY; .	being given up to the jewelry, va***,
with tenderness. It breathes upon us our Mother, God, hears it. It never Nellie sat bv the bedside. It was	..	, ....	.	.	| arms and objects found in the tombs
the hush of an eternal lullaby <or it 8tir# a weal7 limb lB î^e bed, but our Sunday evening, and the bell of the but few <« lta buildings—and* those of of Agamemnon and hie companions, announces that God i* n..r Lur Mother, God. knows it 'I here is no church was ringing, calling the people the humblest character, mere huts of There are to be *een the golden ma*ks T. ww k ” U	fluch a etcher asGod The best nurse ^ churoh. The good old man, in his the peasantry-antedate 1829.	which once covered the faces of the
As one whom his mother comforteth, may 1* overborne by fatigu^ and fall \ dying room, thought that he was on	.	,	• . ,	H«n : deAd Sch ulema nn I relieves that they
so wiü I comfort you."	asleep in the chair, but God. our the way to church, as he used to be A\°?	* a arg* . f. the i»opuJation were portrait#, and the individuality
I remark in the first nara that G«d Mother, after being up a year of nights when he went in the sleigh across the considerably exceeding 100,000. The shown in the countenances appears to a toother1* nimrximG» t •	* with a suffering child, never slumbers r*,ver; and as the evening bell struck stranger visiting it is surprised, not j bear out his statement
Ll "wh/r, «. G.d _pw.„, b™,b.
teach a child the A.BvC. Men	are not	troubling and trying a Christian, I	children, the bells are	ringing; we shall	' * ,me lAI,or» not loi*r ,lgu 1 t-maiked,	by I hemistocles. in streets and	wharfs
skilful in the nritmirv	k»#	know that out of that Christian's char-	be late;	we must	make the mare step	the appearance of Athens recalls the	to low very nearly the lines of	the ora	p . v	oepariment, out aoter there ^ to come some especial out quioki" He shivered, and then better portions of a new American city, iginal design. Once it was both a naval
un it er nas ao much patience that good. After a while the mantle of said, "Pull the buffalo robe up closer, The ancient city was built on the south- | and commercial port, but its arsenals •be wi.l tell a child for Uhe hundredth affliction will fall off, and his soul will mv laas! It is cold crossing the river; ern and western sopea of the A crop- and fortifications were destroyed at the time the difference between F and G be greeted by the one hundred and but we will soon be there, Nellie, we oil in. and the builders of the modern Roman conquest, aqd it speedily wank and t»twp*n T nnH i rpv	«	* forty-four thousand, and the thousands will soon be there!" And he smiled and city disregarded the ancitnt site and into insignificance. Since the Greek in.	' 1Iwnigb w« are Qf thousands, as more than conqueror, said, "Ju«A there now." No wonder he built their town on the eastern and nor- dependence if has come again into proie,n a thing a thousand times,	and we	Oh, my friends. God, our mother, ie	smiled.	The good	old	man had got to	them aides, pure*y for the reasons of	minenoe as the landing place	of all
do not understand it, our -heavenly	just as kind in our afflictions as our	church.	Not the	old	country church,	convenience, these presenting grades	goods and travelers bound for the cap-
Mother goes on liffiA unnn	  J*	prosperities. God never touches us but	but the temple in the skies. Just across	more favorable for the site of a modern	Ual, but while important from a buai-
.mo/nm/t L .	A P‘	far our good. If a field cl «an and cul- I the river. How copifortabiy did	God	I metropolis The Athene of to-day,	ne» point of view, it does not differ
,	1	“ r a llttle and 'there a	tured is better off tban a barren field,	bush that oid man to -sleep! As	one	therefore, is on only a part of the site	great ;y from second-rate seaport towns
mue. God has been teaching some of	and if a stone that has become a	whom his mother comforteth, so	God	of the ancient capital, and, at the pre-	in other parts of the world. It is well
ue thirty years, and eumti of us sixty	statue is better off than the marble	comforteth him." «	sent time, is very much smaller than	laid out, but has no buildings worthy
-1 as&rss-^'issaxisi	ssrewt
1101 know it yet—faith, faith. I rocking of tne soul is not the rocking	THE BRITISH CAVALRY,	400,000 people, some say its population I he suburbs of Athens are among its
'> hen we come to that word	we	of an earthquake; but the	rocking of	—exceeded 500.000, but there is no doubt	moa interesting features, and iaunts
stumble, we halt, we lose our nl*t*>	w*	God’s cradle. " As one	w hom his	Asm PelaM la the Besrgsalsatlsa sf Uie I that in a few decades the modern will	into the inferior of Attica and the Morea
pronom,,.,, SIIU, w,.	— <%%%"%'' iU&arL:
mcc is not exhausted. God, our in an oyster is merely the result of a	explained b> Mr. Eroder ira in J Athene baa all the appointments as mountains of Attica have a bad reputa-
Mother, puts us in the, school of pros-	wound, or a sickness inflicted upon it,	the House of Commons, the réorganisa- | well as the appearance of a modern	tion for brigandage, and the traveler,
perity, and the letter* are in	and 1 do not know but that	the birght-	tion of tfe British Cavalry of the Line |cltJ* Tfae streets are regularly laid out,	who, without an escort, ventures along
and wL .	mmshme, I gems of heaven will be found to | wi„ effect varimM	eavh, oth?r at right angles, are the country roads may lie seized
not sp, ) t hem. God puts us	have been the wounds of earth kindled	...	...	.	I well paved, and at night lighted by el-	robbers and held for ransom. At every
in the school of adversity, .and the let-	into the jeweled brightness of eternal	™>re Wl*‘	s<^our corilf'' nMne‘ . electricity and gas. The city has a good	few miles along the wayside» there are
tern are black, and we cannot si,HI K*orJ-	^ Household Cavalry, of three re- system of sewerage, its situation being inns, p aces of entertainment, for man
s Sis,» KS	ÊSHsS
father, He would whip us; but God	bone	child, or at the sickness	th<* lancers	six ngunents,	the	Hus- town. In most parts even of Italy,	are ever eager to hear or to tell some
mother, and so we are borne with I that sets the cradle on fire with fever,	ears twelve	regiments.	just across the Adriatic from Athens,	new thing. The countrymen are hoe-
¦ten
*ü
and they will not sad favoritism ; but that is not the thetio hand, a eoft hand, a mother’s
.1 will tell you her hand.	_
favorite. That is a child who at two I years of age had a fall
• M
tM
DAA
til I
by
•a
A MAN OF WEIGHT.
< Ml»
ef Tb«
N. Hewer» al a New
V»rk H ««pliai.
An autopsy on the body of the heaviest man in New York was perfomred in the Bellevue Hospital the other day. The man was Thomas N. Bowers. He was five feet ax inches in height and was the same size—66 inches—around the waist. He weighed about 600 lbs. He was only 82 years old. Up to four
years ago Bowers was not very much over the normal weight,for his height. Two years ago bis weight suddenly began to increase rapid*y and be went to the hospital. He apparently enjoyed perfect health, though he continually increased in size and weight. He would eat at one meal more than foui average persons, and if he did not get lhis amount of food he appeared to suffer intensely. * Inst week he took cold which develcned into pneumonia. HU
jainet him and he died. It took seven men to carry the body from the cot in the hospital to the morgue.
very ing to — Public 1 ar® numerous, gymnasium on the German
A foolhardy young man in Snow Hill, Md., made a wager t hat he would kiss a possum. He won five cent* and th*
about a half inch of the
ura won
young man's





.

h - »



: .
-
•55





###PAGE###7###
#
THE LARGEST SPECTROSCOPE.
| ONE AS GOOD AS ANOTHER
HER LUGGAGE
A woman who spends her summers An»ly»t« tm be Made of Hkai u Raraieg abroad mays that this last year she la the sea-Créai Bernait» are t eaiiag. took with her only two satchels by Madgeburg, Germany, Is to have the way of t>aggage. largest spectroscope ever built. It is She carried In these another gown, to be the property of Dr Hans liana- an extra walit, and several changes wmJdr, a rich eolentiat ot that pla< ©	°* underclothing. She never once wore
2"“*-«"•»»• -1-h-
latrg a year or eo ago. Prof. John any one town to have linen laundered.
A. Hmehear, the well-known maker of or could buy anything required near-scientific Instruments, <rf Alleghany, it M cheaply, ao that she did not need
^***L " the DLIlkw ** thia E*8antid Thui^afthough aha warn laughed ati
.... of work. TO.,	two olb-	J» W ,	0AST LI*. TO NEW TORE.
êêiÉsr:	WSMm "ra"
twenty-one feet long end It will require one."	ahead of ell other lines. •	my attention. It bee certainly aared
pspasMss: ^kSBEKT&Er *“
ing on |his big spectroscope has an. With LOCAL APPLICATION* a» *ey earn ity	to	all	European	steamship	docks,
aperture of six inches in diameter, and ®®tr»aeli ike eyai of the dUease. Catarrh l#a Don't fail	to	ask for	tickets and	sleep-
=5 5 WWWBB E55H*->™
a difference of three millionths of an ft was pressrib ad by oaeeffche hast phy sislaas Kean—"Isn't ydur wife afraid to
Sanrsasssr BeMW»»
while thia one I» .o strong that it show.	Jb^clteSk	BETWEEN LIFE AMD DEAT 11
at least	#	g| »rM	*
Ï.O0O UNH9	Bold™- °*	'=? Sb^M.'Vdÿw^ttK?
to the same spectrum. It was form-	of Dr. Agnew's Ours For the Heart
erly thought to be a wonderful achievement if a epectruBoope showed the sodium lines double, but the instrument
made by Prod. Hraahear. with the euif at a low meridian, shows not 1 fifteen lines.
"The new spectroscope," said Profi Brashear, "has its highest powers id
Dhoiogrophv. The spectrum of the sun 1 SHOWING HOW A SUFFERER FROM
.“yte5t, afflux.dVwUhhn»	SCIATICA WAS CURED.	"Db you think opti. unlucky I» a GENTS WANTED—Mala or female
from one end to the other. It is so ar-	*—	inquired the superstitious man. Yes,	to sell the famous "Foam Yeast, in
ranged that no matter what part of the A Core répondent of the Orillia New#-	was the repfly. "My wife wants one,	every city, town and village. Write for
»£r	i o. duthie & sons
SJ'SSSESTC1ETsHF ^sa.ts
pBMiMP S£B3a?fc
then placed over this part of the plate A few weeks ago I became very un- ma, to Consumption. A 25c. bot-whioh has received the	impression	oh	well from an attack of sciatica, and	tie of Shiloh's Cum may save your life.
then shining."	man is to the medicine be gives credit	Shiloh a Cotwmmptkm Cure cure»
Bj&E Mè£êr< --- uSffitSC
Madgeburg, which the doctor intends work among lumber—his. regular bum-	w	TD*	Onion. Peaa. Radish. Tomato, etc., for 25c. I ta	MlBlTHDl	IMI) TUC nilinill IHDTD lift
to make the finest and most complete ness. He gave me the information re-	-	9pkte.Blowers-8weelPee»,Mignonette,Aster, | ID iMmlUDM Mill llu UMMMulnl liJnlD niol
in all Burope. He is .very rich	ana can	quired, and wrote out the following	NOTHING WRONG WITH HIM. Candytuft, Baimm*. Pbioa.
well afford to do so..	testimonial which he desires to have	Goppinger's always behind the times
A bunqrt enthUB1A3T. KKïVUr	ST»	VJS“q	'| Win. R E N NIE, TORONTO
tb. ~f»R	mu. 7SUS is jyati-isaNa;
of the mountain after a Iom olimb) we,rd it to you to aubliah —Ah we are bare st laet. What a	FaeaerUm. Sept. 18th, 1886.
magnificent view I At euob a time and *It i> with the greatest pleasure that place I feel et.range aeniatione-an in- j testify to the marvellous benefit and definable longing, a «oui craving, as it	that Dr. Williams' Pit* Pills ef-
4	__	.	.	. .	. footed in/ my case. In the year 1892
Angelina—My dear Edwin what you j *aa ukeo very bad with sciatica. I want is a wandwioh.	I was treated at different times by two
doctors but dispensed with their services as I found I was not getting the hoped for relief. I then tried different remedies advertised as a cure for sciatica, but with-no better result. Then I tried st
WORTH TEN DOLDA Rfl A BOTTLE.
Any person who has used NervUins, toe great pain sure, would not be without It if it cost ten dollars a bottle. A good thing Is worth its weight In gold, and Nervillne Is the best rem» edv for all kinds of pain It cures ¦ raIg-,1 in five minutes; toothache in minuta; lame back at one application: Headache In a few minutes; end all pains Just as rapidly.
"It's always In damp places grow, itn’s it, papal" Pkpa—'"Yes, my boy." "Is that the reason they look like umbrellas, papal"

one preparation Is as good as another, and it k easy something you know nothing about, and receiving
I.
nou-
ons
Il failing, what wisdom k these in experimenting with a substitute, when, for s few cents more, you can buy the original article. For more than twenty year*
SCOTT'S EMULSION
where mushrooms
has been the standard Cod-liver Oil emulsion. It contains more pure Not • wtffiaa Cod-liver Oil than any other emulsion in the world and will stand the test of time as being a perfect, inseparable emulsion. You can't afford to take a substitute for iU
SOe. sod $1.00 at all draeeiete.
•r «pectroBcopM In the world which
WOODh PHOIO. I V.l’ttlM,
j.i .jonim nc. («'
<, h io xniiAim v w ioimhio
Romaine to be eeen: The boy who has an appointment with the teacher alter school ia dismissed.
W.P.C SS»
tm all oouBtrSell 11 Melinda#*, , Loweei rata*
Patent* o
TO INVENTORS.
M Wise AW# TA8TV
International Patent Bnreae. 1 r* Toronto Lon neat experience.
nation free. O. O Frbbmaji. M
]£X
A

are soared."
â&PZmSl
Ceylon Tea
abelaioi'Vtmsi
§1P^^ I SBitllS I ^
co"So telling my friends the won levful beeeftl this great cure has been to me. sod I cheerfully recommend It any and everywhere.
TOeONTO -Oerrard and Yooge Hi#..
than
___	UâoJiiri,
>ny mure Yuan* ¦*» aad women lalo ] j uihet Umnmdlaa Buelnem Scttool. Get
S3
the
AN IMPORTANT LETTER.
m	«a
Eâ«t, Toronto. Money to Loan.
BONN'S
BAKING
POWDER
DO
THECOOICSBEST FRIEND
LARGEST SALE IN CANADA.
TORONTO
r:
CANADIAN
"Pacific Ky
*
WILL RUN
SETTLERS' TRAINS FROM TORONTO
BVBBY TUESDAY
During March and April
OH THÉ FARMER AND GARDENER
(Should emfflcient bneln
offer)
etc., for 26o.
ABOVE COLLECTIONS BY MAIL POST PAID
A Ooloelsl Sleeper ¦ dee to leave Tore
will he attached to

C=
DYNAMOS
to test hie cure for six months, yet.
FOR
OUT OF Q EVERY ,J
r
PLATING, POWER OR LIGHT...
MOTORS.
NOTHING HUNTS OUT CORNS
Like tight boots. A sur* certain and painless remedy is found io Putnam’s Corn Extractor, which removes the worst corns in twenty-four tooursj
Repairs to all makes of machines. Experimental work carried out.
KAY Elect ! Mfg Co.,
266 James SL N., Hamilton
Phone #58.
SS Adelaide St. W., Toronto
Phone 1214.
rongiy recommended electrical appliances, but still to no purpose. I did mot improve any and the pain excruciating, end I began to lose all hope of ever getting better. I could not ait down or move about without suffering intense pain, and the only relief I could get was when I lay down# .with my legs stretched straight out and then the eomewbat leas. I was in thia position; day when I picked up
Left Bip Affected fits pec ted Kidney %%%%' ma n'orad “of”»” el ic^M ak-
Trouble—Relieved and Perfectly Oir- iug Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. Always
ed by Dtitld’s Kidney Pills.	having but little faith in proprietory1
—	4.	ar K	/fi	medicines, end in view oi the exper-
loronto	Junction,	March 22	(Special)	ience | already had, I would not have
—MCr. H. Playter. is not a difficult man tried them hut for the fact that my to find as everybody here knows that j insisted on going at once and probe is foreman at No. 1Ji-ne Hall, nj curing some. She got a box and per-the picture of health when railed gua(ied me to take ihem. By the time Upon by	your	correspondent	and told	i had	the box I believe I felt
<	a	»r .	su s. us*, aiss r.S5
isna.taf.S . WS\ ¦£ CS K	til
suspected it came from some	Pills.» and 1 shall continue to
form of kidney trouble Mid aa they	them occasionally am I know them
bad been recctomended l^procured a bg an excellent medicine. I shall
Vttet'd Æ & day I was	«**• recommending them. Your.
entirely relieved but desiring a perms- tru,y'	rharl
iiü mmmê
WILL DIE

MUdge—“Oh. yes, we had a real lively time, Simmons and I. It cost ua nearly $50.” Wicfcwire—“Yes. I saw Simmons this morning, and he told me he spent $46.”
OF BRIGHT’S DISEASE
iwiin was
Only One Price.
CURED OF SCIATICA.
or tom* trouble of the kidney* urinary
mVA
a newHr-
t>tu*


i'll

ONLY ONE cbade-THb Best

WHAT CAN BE DONE?
SuH
O
secure the best remedy you can find in the market _	_______
In
O
AT ONCE,
There is only one absolutely sure cure for these trouble* aod that is
f
1C

*3


•SWruvA'E'v
00
mm


4


a. >
T. Hopeon*
7* to 81 Adelaide St. W., TORONTO
LIBERAL TERMS TO LTVH AGENTS.
“It has stood the test of time.”
The earnest qtieeticm of the hour, And general theme, no doubt,
Is not oZ love or politics,
But, "Will the coni hold out t"
SENSATION IN
A
“Soenettmee," said Undle Eben, 'de man dat paye hhndu'hda ob do) la ha fob flag» an' decorations ain' ex much ob 6T pa<ric$ es de one dat goea quietly
XS'®‘n' on
BEST AUD CHEAPEST
MECHANICS
FINE
Never was a greater truth than when said of Dr Agnew'a Liver Pilla,
20c. a vial.
Little priced, little doses, but little ter* rors to drive out impurities and leave you a clear brain and a bright eye.
/ewt Any / Woman
„ . .	.	__II Do you suffer from Constipation or
b'h.VvÏÏM U«3i I other disorders arising from this cause? Skew wileei a I Dr. Agnew's Liver Pills are a safe and
I j pleasant cure/ Ait all druggists. 40
ttsds 11i= *¦
Experts concede that the ne
removable one-piece Yoke Bearing found only on the
Cleveland is the nearest approach to perfection yet attained in cycle construction, ensuring perfect alignment.
¦p*'M $#
milt I
¦TABLl
"Why do eo many modern writer» seem to prefer notoriety to fame? cause a man has'to climb for fame, hut he can get notoriety by an easy tumble.” ,	t	'	. '
snass
2 ««A3
Be-
M ##
4
COMPOUND
The “A.M.C.
. «S&StoF
Piles Cared In * to « Night*
• 11
SSI «r„7m H. A. LOZIER & CO
169 YONtiE ST TORONTO
•end for
Illustrated
Catslofu
ee to
fort.
9










###PAGE###8###
S£5H"SX“i
weekly end mmiK'nm'N. Petition |.«*rtnanent. «•-frrei.oe. Inetnee eel f-add reseed stamped envelope. The National, Star Building, Chicago
business-like
should support the present administration et Quebec. The Govern ment were in the hands of the prnple» who should remember that if they turned
out the present Government they would -	again the entour-
Thera was, in fact,
Empire to which we belong. (Applause. )
The abolition of the tax upon real estate transfers was next referred to, and then Mr, Atwater took up the settle-of the claims of the railway com panics in reference to the land grant*.
OTTAWA AMD SHAWVTLLE,	«¦£“}
whore the largest and best assortment of MEN’S & BOY’S
“îïütsai'îü'K's sssÊïrtis
the same price as in Ottawa.	"YhTlït! * "SSA^htTSi
Provincial Treasurer explained the settle ment arrived at between the Government and the railway companies satisfied every one present. The Government had, ho pointed out, not only kept faith with the railway companies who were the creditor* of the province,but also with the contract-the laborers, the supply dealer#,
and the people who had «old the right ^	Applofi Be. per lb. at O. F.
of wsy, who were creditors of the rail- nQD()INfl« ways. They had not as some of their	^-—
opponents claimed, compromised with An BarthlV SâVtOUr tor MStlklade
their creditors at the rate of 60 cents >n	Road, Will YOU.	. ..
^	the dollar by converting the land aubai-	rpnK undersigned omsrs to sell or rent the
The Cheapest House in Pontiac for Clothing, Dry Goods,
™— mmm mm
M.-, su.— n-iSrSSKs	-
approval and support of every right mind- fenug friend., try them. It only took
ed man in the province, certainly of six boxes to cure me	||
i. At a later period of	\oure Truly,
the moet	Harry T.Shkhhidan
London House,
$15
ment
place in power age of Mr. Mercier
uo Liberal party in Qusbe*. There waa a party which waa liberal in .pending, liberal in wasting tne reeouree# of the province, liberal in pledging the future the province to any liabilities so long r they could have their prodigal
Loberai in the political sense	_	,	.
V; TendowWanW.
Standing vote, upon motion of Mr. Me- Tenders for the building of the fence
to once again place Pontiac m support, of excepting nails. Tenderers to elate price buiinoRs likd administration of the aff.ir. prM 00 !W. «PUn. a.d sn^l float on. can b.
of the province.	The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted.
JOHN YOUNG,
President.
once
Wanted.
Wanted an assistant momentary Teacher tor the Aoademv. Must have a diploma. Services to com me no* 1st April. Apply,Staline salary per month to the inideretgned.
kec,- Trees

Shaw ville March 18, *97
sway, but
10 to
it was not.
PRINTS !!
#	PRINTS
Marfha \\ ashlnglon Novelty Print for 6c
Prints for 8c.	^
Crumbs Prints at 10a «nil ISA While Cottons at 4*.5.8,01. 7,8, e, 10c.
Km broidery from So. to He.
Grey Cottons, R&c to 8c.
#	Ahk to see our 6o. Grey Cotton.
Men h Serge Suits II.95.
Men's Tweed Suits $2.86.
Men's all wool tweed Suite $8 25.
Men's Hutte, special value, $1 60 and $1 95. Men's Tweed Rants 6*0. and 75c.
Men’s good Pan's $1 00.
Men's Pants, extra value, 11.20.
1
E. GRAHAM.
Sec.-Tress
Hats ! Hats 1
ore
Get one of our $1. they .re tub go, and worth $1 60 easy. All ityle. and alleges.
Men’. Hate, Boy’. Hat..
For Sale or to Rent.
T. W. ALLEN,
THOB. PREN DE ROAST,
Radford.
Dec. 8. TW.
Important Notice.
Splendid range of lace curtains and cur- | every business man tain nets at astonishingly low prices.
O. F. Hoikjins
his speech, Mr. Atwater gave solemn assurance that the settlement
T T T—People, come along ! We hsv. I would be made direct with the companies, a fresh lot of Tea on hand that can't b.' an I with the companies only, without any beaten in price or quality Give ua a reserve or commission to anybody, a trial and be convinced. We are open w. uld be a bu.niea. aultlement, a plain for a few g<«.d hind quarter beef in ex arraivhtf .rwaid bu.ineaa transaction car-
change for tea.	Jno. G. MoGuimi. --.d buame.. pnoc.ple. ^ The O-.v-
eminent, h wvVvr, would hold back any
aiii"Uiiîê duc by the companies on the
claim of any bun-fide creditor tiled in
I HiH
graceful tribute to the memory of the I pieuse ) late Hon. L. U. Church, and then pro
ceeded to tell his hearers that he whs posais to consolidate the debt of the pro there as the representative of the existing vine# and pointed out that by it he would Administration, to lay before them its I -fleet a saving of from $200,000, t<> *250, policy and to show what waa likely to 000 per annum in the interest, charges.
happen if their political opponents sue This, also, was a business action, which |	D5||o
ceeded in obtaining power. The political must meet with the approval of all prod |\, I U li jf ¦ ¦ I 1 w history of the province since Confedera eut and business men. It was true that |
Hon was traced briefly and then Mr. At- this waa opposed, but it was opposed by water paid a deserved tribute to his chief, the same men who had in 1800 adopted describing Mr. Flynn, amidst the ap the highwayman’s policy of putting the plause of his hearers, as a man with pistol at the heads of the bondholders of absolutely clean hands, and an absolutely the province and had attempted a forced stainless record. All classes in the com conversion of the debt. Hi* proposals, rounity were represented in the Provin on the contrary, were endorsee by the cial Cabinet chosen as his colleagues by financiers of the world,who admitted that Mr. Flynn, who gave the English speak they would result in the heightening of ing minority of the community fair and just the credit of the province. (Applause ) representation. Just about a year will Mr. Atwater then turned his attention have expired when polling day arrives to the financial condition of the province, since the Fly tin Cabinet was formed, and contrasting the administration of ^affairs he was sure that the people would say by Mr. Mercier with that of his Cotiser-that they approved of the work done by vative successors. The former had, ap the Government.	parently, uoon taking offio»,
If the province fell into the hands of about to see how much money he could the Opposition, he was certain that at the spend and how rapidly he could spend it. conclusion <-f live years the province I His hearers would rememhvr how well
would he found in as bad a position as it Mercier succeeded. The figures quoted I NX g	A Dl83o I	____________
was at the end of the Mercier regime	by the Treasurer in his speech at Lachute l\IU Ü	WJ ¦III»	!	.	_
The woik of the past session of the Leg on Tuesday last were put before the audi	SeCOIKl grand Dry Goods
are THE BEST Kip of;ewlDreaTa"nd fan:
affairs mfleeted the people than did Fed	of hie hearere learned for the first time of	aAlJJ A	******* *	Cy ]Jry Goods, 1 D6	great
eral hflairs. The federal parliament deal' the prodigality of the Mercier regime, and	event of the 8688011 OR the 17,
with customs and excise taxation, where | quite agreed with Mr. At water when iv	\	Hava nf
as the Provincial Legislature was concern | asserted that if the Mercier Government I	lotll, lytll 811(1 ZUtll (I8ys OI
ed with the direct taxation of the people, had remained in power the pr«1 |	|	Maitih.
in their every day life. When the Con I debt would have been $(>0,000,000 in servatives took office in 1892 they found stead of about $30.000.000. .The S eb\n the province face to face with a most loan waa described as an a'tempt to pawn
SSrSîi ZsSS&S
srss.'sazrs:	sssSSs
Mr. Fiynn and his colleagues took regime waa defended, and the 1 reasurer lhem as the estai»' accounts muet be
ffice I... year they felt that unde, the pointed out t ttal ‘h... loan »a.„n^ cost-	eUenUon of lhe
wise management of their Conservative mg the province 4 l-iu per cent per an public tothe fart that I hold for disposal the nredecesaors thev had reached much a do	num, while the province was still stagger following farm Implements : such	as wagon
"ition that they could relieve the province	under the 7 per cent loan of ‘he Merrier	«Tïiîo
uf some of those extra burdens. They regime. The last section or the J1U,UUU,- tone of hay. All will be sold at low price*.
Si	ISEsSStt K Sfs 1% I Hearts*» SEE"
ary education, to settle the out standing vince of $150,000 from men who were liabilities of the province, and to envolve willing and anxious to hold the promeans for reducing the expenses of the	vine*'s securities under < oiscivativv
province, and especially the charges	Government. The Liberals Imd U-ft tin*
upon the funded debt. They appealed province with a legacy of $10,000,000 of	JL I
zstxmsx: W£	tfifes...., ».
(applause.)	to the burdens of the tax	rs . Horner,the undertiKnedSecretary.Treasurer
J£4‘SC tsiztts SSLpZzJSSZ.'iSJfc iSSaiSS-S1
SssttsftJSSxïj: =, -i£:	s F £Sffi\!rSE2*:SSS
of the Government in setting aside $1, not only removed the taxes nut naa |SW< That a duplicate thereof ha* been lodg-
as ets ts n	ss$e sss
be devoted to elementary education. In pf revenue of the province were Given this Fourth day of Mm-ch, one thou-the meimtime, until that fund we. ..H- .Utionery end there wM no way in which «ndeight hundred «^nlneu™.
supporting, the Government proposed to this Liberal prodigality cou d be met ex- |	Secretary Treasurer,
eet aside $60,000 a year for that purpose cept by increased taxation. This had Even the members of the Opposition been resorted to. By its aid the Corner were compelled to applaud the eloquent vativea had paid off a	account
speech in which the Premier moved that of the liabilities of $l,7o0,000 left by Mr.
resolution, and it was supported unani-| Mercier in connection with the Railway
muusly by the Chamber. The only cnli I Guarantee Fund, dissipaitd by that Ad , ^ q w
cism Mr. Marchand could make was that ministration. This debt had now been A DaDj up a weak cons-
w	I	«-*•
We weuld often like to give more to de taxation and had got the financial affaire ? V/liflliCC ally but surely is serving objects, but we can't do it when of the province once more into a satis- I %
^::kele are empty.” (Applause.) factory condition.
There was nothing nobler than to give a In conclusion Mr. Atwater called upon good education to the rising generation, the Conservatives of Pontiac to send a The aim of the present government was member to Quebec to support a Govern-to make education as free as possible. ! ment, none of whose members could He For hie part he would make education accused of taking toll or of having sub free as air, would give the children free | jected himself to improper influence^ school books and would encourage the j The creation of the new Department of teaching as much as possible. The more Mines and the appointment as its head t educate the people the better for the : Hon. Mr. Chapais was alluded to as one province, for the Dominion and for the j more reason why the people of I untiac
OTTAWA
BUSINESS
COLLEGE
All persons desiring to invest in the proposed Flour Mill st Rhawville, are requested to intimate the same to any of the undersigned, who will be prepared to give particulars and estimates of Building, Machinery, etc. On account of the near approach of spring it is very desirable to hear from intending investors at once.
gJ. H. Shaw.
G. F. Honours. W. A. HbtxiiNS.
DOAN’S
Shawville,
March 15, '97
Hon. Mr. Atwater’s Speech Continued.
Kidney Pills
To & c«»me wealthy, acquire skill In some thing. To become shilMul In business methods, y ou should take a course with urn Our facilities are excellent ; our teachers, the best; our rates, most reasonable.
catalogue, giving full de s, methods of teaching and
Publie Notice.
Write for new • erlptlon of courses REDUCED RATES.
The treasurer dwelt next upon hir pro
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
OU B L1C NOTICE Is hereby given by the I undersigned secretary-treasurer of the municipality of Clarendon,County of Pont lac, that the list of persons entitled to vote at the election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec, has been prepared according to law : that a duplicate thereof baa been lodged In the office of the undersigned, at the dlsi osai and for the Information of all parties Interested, and that on Monday the Fifth day of the month of April 1N97, at the usual time and place of meeting, the municipal council will proceed to the examination and correction of the said
DOAN’S
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148 to 15I| BankWL. Ottawa

sr
Arthur Smilev,
Undertaker, Embahiier and Funeral Director SHAH VILLE • • «UE.
DOAN’S
1 Ht
Dated at Rhawville this nineteenth day of the month of March, one thousand,eight hundred and ninety-seven.
o
All orbs** will receive Personal Attsn
TION AND SATiarAClION OL’ARAXTEED.
Kidney Pills Remember-
HUGH MATHB80N,
Secretary Treasurer
Telephone No. 8
To the Ladies of Pontiac.
*-
WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
S
DOAN’S
looked

SPRING SHOW.
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
Main St. - - Shawville.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
Doll & Allan Electric Ef.
Every lady in town and county invited.
NOTICE.
TIME TABLE :
Leave Aylmer for Hi ll.
A M.-6 30. 7.30, 8 16. 9 00. 9.45, 10 30. 11 15.	P.M.—12 16, 12 46, 1.16,
1 46, 2 16,	2.48,	3	15,	3 45,	4 16,	4 46,
6 16. 6 46,	6 16,	6	46,	7.16,	7.46,	8 15,
9 10, » 60. 10 30 Lravr Hull Ferry for Aylmer.
A M -7 30, 8.15, 9.00, 9 45, 10 30. 11.15, 12 00 noon. P.M - 12 30, 1 00, 1.30, 2 00,	2 30,	3	00,	3 30,	4.00,	4 30,
6.00, 5 30,	C 00,	0	30,	7 00,	7 30,	8 00,
8 30,9 10, 9.50, 10 30, 11 15.
A Dazzling Spectacle.
Modern up-to-date Dry Goods
Emporium.
M Allan's. Armor.
Eardley P.O., March 22, V7
Executor
Mr Montelth, Manager.
Public Notice.
Cars run dally, Sundays Included. Close connections are made with all Canadian Pa, olflc and Gatlnean Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pad float Aylmer. .
Baggage promptly handled.
H. a SPENCER,
JAMES MtlEAH
Managing Director
BRYSON, QUE.,
Public Notice.
MANUFACTURER OF
Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, Mouldings, Doors, Sashes,
Blinds, etc.
Scroll Sowing, Turning, and in fact all kinds of Builders Supplies turned out.
Custom Sawing, Planing and Matching done on shortest
notice.
Public Notice le hereby given to all proprietor» of real estate in the municipality of Clarendon, that a public meeting will be be d In the Town Mali in the village of Hh wVllle on Mon »y the Flilh day of the month of April, 1687, at the hour ol ten In the morning, to consider the suit | ending between the Clarendon Council and the County Council. All parties Interested are cordially Invited to be present on the occasion.
By o.uer Ot	ATHLON,
Seo’y.-Treas
:
Give
Sbawville, mb April, 1887
The only food that will build
the
NOTICE.
A meeting of the patrons of Green Lake Cheese Factory will be held at No. 10 School Bouse on Saturday, 17th of April, at the hour of two o’clock for the purjiose of organizing for the season’s 'ork. All who are interested in the cheese industry respectfully requested to attend.
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Martin’s Cardinal Food
our
mn
are
Builders Estimates Furnished on
a simple, scientific and highly nutritive preparation for infants, delicate children and invalids.
March 18th, 1896
More than it takes to pay your bonus tax msy be saved by attending O Meara & Hudgins’ No Reserve Sale, now going
Panel Doors from $1 up. Other material proportionately low*
KtFiaV WATSON A CO., Fwmsro»*
we
MONTH* A l










*
*

_
6
