###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION

No. 29—17th Year.
SHAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, FEB. 1, 1900.
*1.00 a Yea it in Advance.
The deacon and his hoy Hilly will he in Shaw ville, Elliott s hull, Feb. 22nd.
Don't mis* seeing Miss Amelia and her - -	“ doggy woggy in the Deacon's
Drama, Elliott's hall, Feb. 22ml.
rile town of SmHnivy, with only one thousand of a population has a complete system of Water works and electric lighting, both owned by the corporation, and giving good satisfaction to the people, w ho
niuk. no complainte on tin acore of taxa T lie Renfrew < '«unity Council at ita reg-1 tion. Shaw ville might at least have the ular meeting held last week voted the aum j water supply, and if once the same were f two hundred dollars to the Canadian | hi operation, the benefits therefrom would
me to be regarded aa an abundant
Head Office : .. Capital subscribed Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA ..............ll'fM.MO
.......... 1,7 il ,oso
.......... 1,40.1,310,
dear
OP CANADA.
licit
Board of Directors
CAPITAL - . - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Charles Magee, Esq., President. Ororoe Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Hon. G so. Hhvson, Jr.	John Mather, E*q..
ALBX.FiMst.it. Khq ,	David MaiL.ah>:>, Khq,
Dknms Mvri hv, Esq
Patriotic Fund
soon c
recompt n e for flu* < entailed
A meeting of Plot. Teachers'Ass'ii of the County of Pontiac will lie held at the Model School, Portage du Fort, on Saturday, Fel». 8rd, at 2.»», p. m. Among other items of |,i .grain Prln. Jordan. ..f Ft.,
Cou longe, will read a paper cm “The Minutes of a meeting of directors of Teat her and Success. All teac hers of the I the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. I, county are earnestly ret nies ted to at tend. I held in Shaw ville on Saturday, the 20rh
M. DaviI*. Secy. January, ,w,.
CoNt i:ht ( ParsHYTERiAN CiiL’in in.f an.	Present were directors Voung, Grant,
.11m. In joHif ion to the talent already ! Smiley. Hudgins, Lucas, Anna, Ralph
.'æ.tjï:” szA “i;'1”.................i" ...
flute and vocal soloist. Mr. Trotter, al Minutes of a previous meeting held on though a stranger to us, comet very high- the 20th Dec., 1899 read and approved; ly recommended and the public may de- also minutes of our last annual meeting pend on a treat.	read.
Head Office, • Montreal.
Directors’ Meeting
GEORGEBURN i>. M. FINN1E
General Manager .. .. Manager

Branches •
IN ONTARIO;
Keewatm.
Kemptv Mr,
Mattawa,
Ottawa, do Rank St do Rideau 8t. Toronto, VsnhU• k Mill, timitti'8 Falls
in Manitoba :
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC: ,
.	Hull.
Agi uts In Canada, New York and Cldcagc -Bank of Montreal.
Agents in tit. Paul- Merchant a Nat. Bank. Agents In London, Eng.—Pan's Bank Ltd.
SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
BARB WIRE
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmer* notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all partsof the world.
SAVINGS BANK. •
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Offic e Hours Saturdays .
Lanark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Hat Portage, Renfrew
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
A von more, Hrne-ebridge Or let on
Place,
Hnwkcabury,
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
it being the first meeting of our new directorate, it was moved by dir. Hod-
10 A M. To 3 P M
lAchute
Montreal
0
10 AM.TOl P M.
F. A. PARKER,
It is with feelings of deep regret ..... chronicle the death this week of Mis. seconded by dir. Amins, and re Manager. Wm. J. Brown, of Park man settlement, |olv6,1> tlmt John Young he re-elected
which Had event occurred on Friday morn- lir®*>*lent.
ing the 2<Sth nit., after a brief illness, Moved hy dir. Grant, seconded by dir. the danger point of which was thought to ^mms, and revolved, that Dr. Alexander have been passed, when the summon* utv r,e le*ub;( fed vice-president, expectedly came, terminating a life in the I >/,>ve<l *7 (liv- ^ucas, seconded by dir. flower of womanhood, and leaving a i McDowell, and resolved, that K. Graham young and devoted husband grief-bowed I ” re-engaged Secretary-Treasurer, and disconsolate and a tender babe bereft A few complimentary remarks were of a mother's care and love.	011,6,1 f"r tlle Board from the above
The deceased Mrs. Brown, who prior "MW* on their appointment to office to her marriage in March last, was Miss Moved hy dir. Lucas, seconded by Alice Caldwell (daughter of Mr. Slack Grant, ami resolved, that our programme
Caldwell, of Hadford section) was a lady of "I"6'f,,>' 111110 lie follows, of most winning and amiable disposition, [iameLv • Gur annual fall exhibition of and enjoyed the highest esteem and re- , ® st,l(^Hrm produce, and all kinds of spdct of all who knew her, hence her early domestic manufacture and works of hit. and un looked for demise naturally evok- 11 county plowing match, ed expressions of the deepest sorrow and Meeting adjourned regret on all sides.	I
The obsequies took place on Sunday ' resident, afternoon, the funeral cortege leaving the late residence of the deceased about two
o'clock for St. Paul'* church, where many
had also congregated to pay their last I Mr. Resseinan. Gen. Superintendent tribute of respect to the departed. The of the P. P. J. Railway, has written the remains were received at the door of the following letter to the editor of the Ad-editice hy X en. Arch. Naylor, Rev. R. | vance, to explain why the special train Warrington and Rev. Mr. Baldwin. | which was run to Co u longe on the day of The Archdeacon and Rev. Mr. Warring- j the late Hon. George Bryson s funeral, ton conducted the service which followed, j did not stop at the stations in Bristol : The latter, to whose parish the deceased j j)EAK Knrroit :
Mis. Brown belonged, addressed the con
we
Wire of all kinds, and in fact everything made of iron, has been steadily advancing
in price during the past year. Some time ago we secured a car-load of Barb Wire at
a price much lower than present quotations, and we are offering the same at a
very small advance on cost to present
buyers. Do you want any before price
goes up.
ztfWWWisr^WÏ' Yhutl ,,i,d c"d'‘ “ Hi,‘ L"‘'
PONTIAC
Mr. Edward Corrigan, an old resident of Clarendon died suddenly at the home of Mr. John It. Corrigan on Friday morn Heart disease, with which he had been afflicted for some years im.st, was the cause of death. The funeral took place on Sunday morning.
“ Town Line ” notes were received too late for last issue, and as the matter they contained would be rather stale news for this week, we have laid them aside with the request that the writers rush their next budget in a day earlier. VVo cannot ' promise a place for matter of that nature ! unless received on Monday nights.
j Mr. Jame< Findlay of Reach burg, of ancient political fame, who seems never contented unless he is pounding at some body or finding fault with the regularly constituted order of things generally, is after the Pembroke Observer, because it hints at being ready to exercise its lungs a bit in the event of British victory over the Boers. Poor James ! How fortunate for the country that it has produced so few of his kind. !
The Am prior Amateur Minstrels, who performed here on Monday evening, were I not accorded w hat would lie considered a j bumper house, but the company, not wit hi standing that somewhat depressing fact,
! adhered to the letter of their program,
I and gave on t he whole a fairly good entertainment. The songs, chiefly negro melodies, w ere all good, and some of them were rendered in excellent voice, while the choruses were full, rich and harmonious. The end men, of whom there were six, successfully filled their respective roles, hut the majority of their jokes had •i somewhat mildewed flavor. The special features of the performance were baton sw inging, light and heavy balancing, clog dances, sand jigs, instrumental duetts, (played on four ins* rmnents by two performers.) and slack wire walking, each one of which was very creditable, while the
throughout contained nothing
BUSINESS
ing
COLLEGE
dir
{.BRYSON COMMERCIAL ACADEMY)
Now open in the Town Hallui taj the Village of Bryson, for the study of Commercial Subjects, (c Shorthand (in English and ^ French); Typewriting, Eng- jî lish and French. No pupil’s Jj progress depends upon that of another. There being no classes, students may enter at any time.
For full pirtivulars apply to
PONT1 AC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
Hr> Bus, yie.
E. Graham,
Sec. -Treasurer
Mr. Resseman Explains
J. H. SHAW.
A letter from “ < )ne \\ ho got left " in gregation, the chief point of his remarks I your paper of Jan. Iflth complaining that being to impress upon his hearers the ! the special train that was run from Avl-
-n "!, a""!r	iRsfcsarrJterss
wliiiti a Inm faith in Me existence of -in- j|OI1 (;vu, Bryson who wished To attend other and botter life beyond, afforded hi> funeral, not stopping at Bristol and those who mourned the removal of a hwed u; la-r flag stations, one from their midst. The great solace to the bereft Christian lay in the hope of a happy re-union with those now departed, when time shall have run its course.
The great object in life therefore, of all, was to be ready for the call. The Rev. gentleman's remarks were supplemented by a few earnest words from the Archdea con, after which the services were concluded, and the remains were borne to their allotted earthly resting-place in St Paul's church cemetery.
To the bereaved relatives one and all The Equity joins in extending its sympathy and condolence.
I
%%%%%%%%%%%
LOCAL NEWS.
As the time and arrangements for the running of this special train did not allow us to take in the stops of the different points and arrive in Coulonge in time for the funeral there was no advertising of the running of this train other than at Quyon, Shaw ville, Clarks and Campbell's. If the party who telephoned to the different villages along the line, had not taken it upon himself to give this unwarranted information there would have teen no one disappointed.
My orders to the train crew were to make the stops as stated above, so that it would ensure the train's arrival at Coulonge on time, in accordance with the request of a large number of Ottawa citizens who wished to at tend. Weoni.x made one stop east of Shaw ville, and that was at your place, and so instructed our agents accordingly.. However, I am very sorry that anyone was disappointed, hut under the circumstances the Company could not do otherwise.
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
Wanted.—A ton of fresh killed beef, averaging 100 pounds to the quarter.
*	G. F. Hoduinh.
Miss Daisy will be along with her dust pan and broom in the Deacon’s Drama, Kliiott’s hall Feb. 22nd.	“ She’s a
Daisy
10
Lecture Post r on eu:—1The lecture by Rev. Mr. Warrington which was to be given oil the 8th Feb at Thorne West is postponed until further notice.
Found:—Mr. JohnT. Hodgins, of Y arm left at this office on Monday, a new black which he picked upon the road, while on the way to the village. The owner imav have the same by calling
See Pete and Billy in the Deacon’s Dra ma digging for gold, Elliott s hall Feb 22nd.
il
S
Have you a
SQUARE PIANO or ORGAN ?
program
coarse nor"offensive

I A matter which requires careful locking into hy the Post Office Department is the m	—	very ineadequate mail service at present
Temperance Lectures.	existing between Shaw ville and the post
P? Re, M, Lawson, I. G. < . I ,	youn, merchant, and known as
will deliver lectures on Temperance work park man. That office is situated about b and also g.vu inductions to brethren on lniles fr„m shawviUv, on the main road to the workings of the rder, on the dates potage Fort, and is served at present and at the reapect.ve pUces given below: by a mail twice a week from the latter Monday night, Feb. 19—X ictoria Lodge, place, namely on Wednesdays and Satur-Tuesday	“	44	20—Prospect	44	days. The locality is well settled, and the
^Ved.	44	“	21—El inside	44	business of the office is showing consider
Thursday	44	44	22—Peerless	44	able increase from year t j year, notwith-
Don’t forget to see Billy, the half witted	Friday	44	“	23—Wild Rose	4	standing the fact that the service is notât
son of Deacon Thornton in the Deacon’s	_^	all what it ought to be to give satisfaction
Drama, Elliott’s hall,	Feb 22nd.	m	Ti	to the man who has business of any kind
.	.	10 til 6 r RriH8rS !	to transact by mail w ith residents of Park-
from the effect of hi» injuries.	offered durmcr the past two months. t here before the following Tuesday
See Pete, Mrs. Thornton s colored man " e	adfled more storage morning, simply because of the round
servant. Side splitting laughter at his w hich enables us to purchase all good about route the mails take to accomplish commicalmistakes in the Deacon’s Drama, hard wheat offered during next two the service—a distance of some 23 miles,
Elliott’s hall, Feb. 22nd.	'	weeks.	with* several connections and stops over
r*miv*l	8 -Mr Ad Hodffins As soon as spring opens we purpose by the way. Now all this might be very
gîSSS SSEE3S3
Don’t forget Elliott’, hall fl fend-	THK Shawt.u.eM.lu.vo Company. ^mg
Shaw ville Ainatuer Dramatic Socktfly will	*	well-settled and prosperous section, has	jau	o(; ,_Mias	Maude	and	Nellie
produce the original Comedy Drama in	Wedding	Bells at Thomby.	considerable ftiail business, but as it re- Lotjjjan H.)tnt	afew daya	of this week
five acts entitled “The Deacon.	---- ceives its mail only thrice a week from Miss Jennie Wilson
wmutttmaatap»"
111,1	’	Dean and the sister of the bride. The mess at Portage du Fort instead. XX har
bride and bridesmaid wore dresses of a is required to till the bill satisfactorily is I beautiful rich brown shade, trimmed with a daily service between Shaw ville and dark satin and white lace. Both cos Portage du Fort, via Radford and Park-tumos wfero very becoming, hence both man. The distance is short, and we be- | bride and bridesmaid deservedly won the lievv such service could lie run at com par-admiration of relatives and friends.	atively small cost, in view of the auxiliary
Although the wedding whs unannounc- business which the line would naturally ed quite a number had gathered to wit- develop. We understand the matter has ness the ceremony and offer congratula- already been brought to the attention of tions. The service was conducted by the the Department, but thus far no action Rev. XV. J. Williams, in accordance with has been taken, nor have any reasons been the beautiful and appropriate ritual of assigned why the the service should not the Methodist Church. After the cere he established. To our mind the people mony the happy couple drove to the home interested have a very g of the bride, and subsequently to their very strong claim for consideration a future home in Clarendon, followed by they do not have it recognised, they will t h<« go. .,1 v* îshes of loving relations and certainly not be receiving either fair play friends.	Com. or justice.

cap
fini
Yours trul P. XV.
for it
6

KSSKMAN,
Gen I Sup t
WIBRSTEAD
If you we will allow you a fair price for it in exchange for new GRAND or V PRIG HT
gy TheShawville Marble and Gran ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable

Miss Mary McCaffrey, who has liven ill for some time, is on the way to recovery.
Some of our young men are engaged cutting puli) wood for Messrs Wilson and Argue, while others havegone to the woods making the neighborhood somewhat lonely, especially for the young ladies. But spring will come!
We all regret the departure on Monday last of Miss Ida Smiley for Manitoba.
Mr. Thackray and Davidson’s teams are drawing pulp wood over the mountain these times.
Messrs. Howard and Burman of the above firm, aie occupied most of the time in Thorne measuring logs.
Mrs. Glenn’s meetings on Sunday even
in-*, stiil continue.
Miss Jennie Helmer
Karn


=.J


Piano

who has been visiting h fur some time, has returned to hei home at Radelitfe

Li
We would Ih* pleased to exchange with you if possible. After overhauling your old piano we could rent or sell it. We cannot give you what your piano cost when new but we will allow you every dollar it is worth and will arrange the balance in easy monthly payments to suit you. If you cannot call kindly send us a description of your piano and see what a generous allowance we will offer you.
VICTORIA.
û«
;
THE D. W. KARN CO., Ltd.
»
:
s
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
&Ye Apt J. R. HORNER - Shawvillc.
?
Sawing bees here are thu order of tie
*1
day
i
Mrs. Ed. Dale is at present up attend- |t| jug to her dnugltter-ii -hw Mrs. Thos.
Dale, of Cobden, who we are very sorry to eay is seriously ill.
Miss Clara and A unie Hudgins, if Ol-tawa, paid a flying visit to this vicinity one day last week.
Mr. Richard T Hudgins has returned
home from the Ihauty There is talk of a wedding in the near future. Hope they don't forget to ask
Poppy,
Try Thus Secret Work on Vh.—Now that an exchange has given the whole thing away there can be no harm done in publishing the following secret t the newspaper press association :—The enter sign consists of three kicks on the sanctum door, which will be given with deliberation. You will then remove your hat and advance to the centre of the room your right hand inside your trousers’ pocket, thum and finger tightly damning a paper dollar: extend the arm and drop the dollar into the outstretched palm of the editor, and at the same time say, “Send your pape in response will i after which you will be seated and tell him all the news of your district.
KSiîll
HOUSE AND LOT.
Public Notice.
TO BE SOLD BY
AU CTION.
To whom it may concern is hereby given to Ratepayers in the Municipality of Clarendon, that under present circumstances the Secretary Treasurer will have forthwith to urge the payment of taxes due, and that this is the last notice without costs, and you will do well to believe it r nd
Mao#
I am instructed by the Executors of the late James Armstrong to sell by public auction at two o’clock, on Saturday, the 24th of March, next the house and lot at Radford, owned and occupied by the late Jaratw Armstrong. Terms of sale—Cash,
J. J. TURNER,
mggggggggggA uctii
Unbalanced in mind as the result of • long illness and melancholia, Thomas Fogary, a resident of Bouchstte, a village up the Gatineau, committed suicide on Fndsy, the 19th Jenner/.
I case and a
'A#:* *
iif
r to me." The editor murmur 1 ‘Thank you,
r,

H. MATHESON, Sec.-Treasurer
Shaw ville, Jan. 22nd, 1900.
Shaw ville, Jan. 1*, 1900.





###PAGE###2###


VNUKE any other
If ma nu re in fine enough it will | never a* reid further than in the raw
^¦¦¦
farm, green mai ure ta
tin* absorbent was properly prepared one district ,%JtîO cam *ls were employ b* fore u lug. Lotig cornstalks, straw ml to carry the material for burning or hog hay are non good absorUi ,1n. over the places where eggs had beet If a man ca mol afford a powder deposited, vu te: to i edu e im i « as rubbish; << a
«suitable length, he can at least have a haiulvhuppiug cutter to do it.
fiHAflSnOPPKR Pl.AIIÜB
ïîeaîthy, Happy Girls

The authorities m Algeria gave $ 0
LUDELIA
I
t ut pose of the stock
fine enough if 00!) toward fighting grasshoppers, h
Km
a -r
ill
'
CEYLON TEA
Lead packages.
J5. 1o, 40, $o & 60c.
f he (iwit whl- h m*àe*
•rtilrdlt w
i n
h»* » tU t miry uni
a
STIR IN KENMORI
Healthy, happv girls often become languid and despondent, from no apparent cause, in the early days of their woman hood, They drag along, always tired, never hungry, breathless and with palpitating hearts after slight exercise, so that to merely walk up stairs is exhausting. Sometimes a short, dry cough leads to the fear that they are going into consumption Doctors tell them they are anaemic—which
means that they have too little blood,	by meaus of a hydraulic ram
Are you like that ?
More pale and amende people have been made bright, active and strong by Dr. Williams' Vink Vills than any other medicine
WE DESIRE
That every citizen of Canada could read this advertisement.
Fortune knocks at every man's
GILT K1X3KD lUTTTtiR
Durham Brown’s l etter Publtshe Last Week i nuso ot i eminent.
A dairy woman tells how she makes huiler for n select trade in private families: Sh
and hence h i * nothing hut cream to care for in the dairy room. Thecream room ta a middle room on the north
side of » log house* and keeps i very
even temperature. In this room l here turn of a letter signed by lui ham
ih own, m the i per a la ^ w eek I how n iw one of the moat exper
makers in 1 he coun rj
The temperature of the cream us of boxes, while models id good uorkin u -importance in iu iking "gilt hip, being turne I out n remarkably
oui k t une. Hi* I. i - iho iepulat 10 being able to drive one-an l-a <|u 1 rtev inch nails at the rate ol live hundred in eighteen m-nut es. and keep il up fteadily.
Mr. Brown is an enthusiast about Dodd's Kidney Tills, lie arm t say enough in their favior. And he mean " every word of it 1 lis brother also thoroughly believes in Dodd’s Kidney having seen how they Du ha in. Durham Brown
Now it is knocking at yours
door at some time
how you may live in easy circumstances, earning big money honestly and honorably the rest of your lives without leaving home. The first applicant from district will get this unparalleled chance. Capital not ncces-lull particulars address enclosing two cent stamp.
m SHOW YOU
bas a h ind-separator, | 0nf of »i„„y b rmw in krnnnirr
De Id's Kidney mu WHI kn wn i err
— l'n*Mimons l'nrrob lion of
iMCll li>V
saiv, loi
I
llnm ii « "i trim*ni.
Kan mo: e Jan. 5 —No I h la • oiumvn ha been caused heio by the j uUliva
EASTERN DISTRIBUTING CO., Belleville, Ontario.
daughter referred Suite»!*— Yea, just as
6 8 10 ADELAIDES! W TpRONKT
INC,
Mr
Tu thei
ni y
ing water supplied from a
18 I 1111
box
n
mv i
i mat ter of f"t »»
vou
hu cbee e
I ipi> VliAI'3
i I'll I Ml HYIUT hM been
eeihmg li
•114. *II»)« I'BIII. ouree wiml Iy fur i*rrhi»4 Ï < * Uil» th (iiigiioui the worl i. lie
n.lvw • -Mmihuig 8)nip
I <’k' « V
r
....................... MAIL
STEAMSHIPS
Portland, Me., lo Liverpool, via Maillai.
Large and fait Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Cambroman.
Rates of paeeags First CaMn.SgU upwards ; Beoond Cabin. S3Ô. H tes r ago. g2: SO end 1-3 M. bur further information a>>plj to lovai age au. or
DAVID TURK ANC* à OU. General Ageala,
IT *1. Havrameat Ht Montreal.
1
The writer's plan was, when v uu4h cream was gathered for a churning to p are th cam in warm water and Mir the cream until it
t u ivi
V| Its WIN use I I'J it,,' ,h 1,1. •
I •»
Uv S,,! i 1 1 al
• ure aud a k 10,
Mrs. M. N. Joncas, Herthier. Que., writes :—"My daughter aged fifteen has been restored to good health through the use of l>r. Williams' Pink Tills. She was very feeble,her blood was poor and watery,and .she was troubled with headaches. poor appetite, dizziness, and always tel tired. A ter using four boxes of Dr. Wi liants Pink Pills she is enjoying as good health as anv gii I ol her age, and we are glad to give the credit to your grand medicine. Mothers will make no mistake it they insist upon their young daughters taking Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ci» u ly 11
I
reached 7 > degrees, then w he a it was
thick chum it But iho difficulty was to muinui.i the temperature at tit g.<. in co 1 water u.a.l it was suffi-
10 vhur i. hhe fourni that pjjjs hy ivtiv uuig the cream to fad itute
the ntw in -g, the flavor of the hutier	as puhlihlied last» week, is tor
«a, iujur .1 a,id leaving it o men abated by Ins brother and all who Ll a lowei temperature would do the km)w ,liia
*>am'	*"'M	‘	') "d 1 *io work.	Many other people in Krnmore know
vl 11	1 11 dtftjctilty sh > i Ian. |rom nersonnl experieie e the value 1
oml • be.,,, ,g I ox Which -ho vails a iwd'a Kidney Tills. Whether for ,Ik
er.am i r„o „-r u oigbo.ea .0 .-unite two formerly lie urahle and fatal mah,-
If the cows are kept over a manure height of th ¦ 1 .us. I' 1 oui mu shoe	Rrig|,t'a Disease and Pi hives, or
boxes 1 be tops and bottoms are retuov. (or an, ,)f th, olher forms of Kidney
vvy much reduced and the manure is tm ,|ii' "place l'uoh^trîps "arouu.'i Vhe DriMi'' v^Vroouy‘a 101	‘	'
8iifc from the weather,	l ur too often	edge with two or three bolus I ored in	-t|;l,	' j/emile" Tumbles
; there is waste iu liquid	manure from	th	hi ? ones, over his i ai a fl or of	order —Todd’s Kidney Pills are	on*
i failing to use absorbe As enough alter hoar . wnli Severn hole, bored in it.	u f.,iiih!0. Dodd's Kid: ey P lh
th,* liquid bis goad dow.il oui of the	On	ih other bov hinge a lid and place	ls. ||u, 0.,jv medivine that ever «	un*d
Wheu this is	ru uiug oui	on	tin* first box. At one end of the	Bright's DKeuse or Diabetes, and	pe»-
iy unde:	u cm i hole large e ough o !p hm, have • WOl orlul faith m
After warming tluMn
*ii' are too much absorbent o* used	the or atn place the cans In iheu. prior overheating is g.d.tg on. This	box. c ose the Ini. light the lamp, iurn
mva-ure	from	stanchion	or	manger	manure ce 1 *r need, watching ihe	it very low and in about twelve hours
g<ige as long	as	from	half	way on t ho	sunu as t he water gauge on the steam	you may expect the cream to be rca.iy
boiler. An absorbent is some kind of	for the churn, after it is cooled to the
litter dry enough to absorb, it may required temperature, be dry earth or muck, forest leaves, don. Between this trough and the bog hay. or siraw, sawdust or plani. g manger, tamp well with earth nearly mill shavings. If ii takes up the
with the	the floor	'•‘*r.^d
^^^^gUpon the land, it is doing its duty. Ihe fcilage is its palatahility; lu make the
n tvsorb ui is o of t lie import mi
quite full. Upon this lay the plank materials of a modern dairy manu- vow 8 wi h snug o t anda I» okward slope factory.	feeding
of one inch lengthwise of the cow.	Horae manure need» to be guarded When feed is cheap, farmer» can
¦weeping sand or dirt over the cracks,	mauure^agaînst leaching, A make raoney b| u ''“g an ojd,n tiy profit-«ible investment fox your sur-
Such a floor will last a good while.	Willful man	cau	fo pile	manure	oui.	cow. I u under present conditions	the	plus funds. They want	agents	m	all	POULTRY, BUTTER. ECCS, APPLES,
Although not strictly water tight, it	doors that	it will not	waste.	The	cow muM be	specially adapted	for	unrepresented districts.	other nmoir* to rU„r. r«,,iu oon.|«B *
«-«7,ff '{• KrT.il'ruSXX'SS Î2T*"*	"""" ". Th,......w|1 Vrit7.iri.
ILZ.''IT;..	41: .‘USS.-K2153.C.12I «*» —	«>• -•*»• ""	'"'IT."1 1 «-twetsiKissua/“
lions enforced there is as mueh	his manure heap	or spread on	the	‘lu“ 1 always	k.mw « mmg i l°	"	lI>	O’KEEFE’S l,&r	of	MALT	rHi des moines .ndvbator lest and cheapest
—» - » ->*> —-	***** “* *¦¦“	-	___________rri.	is	v.**t=*M-
ZT.	S3 '5S A ...pi. r„,m I. dangerous wb,. CattlOlid PKtf«
owner id a fool.	j too many samples are taken.
An ordinary cow can digest only
dry	to n rr < 011» #% •**
pounds of green food per day, and if T*ke laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. A I	dtiu»	ü«u
h is ,iro;. rly a.-.lecie l w.U contain <£»«'•	*.u.„djju. by tU
about two poundi of available pro- *oc-teiu, which is th* only milk making material m the food, if rating when being mi kid
cows are never so tra iquil as if the	K y rllS. q
racks or troughs were empty; i heir at- La ToSOana, 100> d 6ii> .Momrea
tentiou will ue given to their food	—	Sausage Casings
rather than to the yielding of their nia g&lanic majesty is probably the	Mos c.-ms. r. .u ,
milk. 1 he opinion is, that dui mg t be ^l(.k Qf time we hear so much about, j	-
milking the cow ought to be left in a pomplete Ma e of repose, and ftd o..ly
afu r being Iili.ked.	_______—For 'he Very beet ieod y-Hir worfc t ¦ the
A cow is hardy because she uses all	11 Balmoral,” Fr09 BUS	“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.*
tlie vitality or potential e ergy she	--- ---------------------—	-	Look for mmi m y jm »„ «eu.t direct
g.-ts from he, foul to withnUn,) ul. Hotel CarslakO, ^mP,**.Dd^ur ui"' Montreal,Toronto, Oiuwa, Quebec
; v • r<e C >n i tin s of C imite. n <*l*< er ox R.SUtiou. Monrr»l. Oe ». t'mr#l.k#& Co., Prop	MînKirrn m I o m-I rn»* Vnla
I that h may Uv* her food for making	imilftt—MoOiïf college Areuue mlCfll^an UFlJ lür dale,
milk you mu t mak her surroundings AftNUt llUU&c Fumi.f Hotel rttre $1.50
, such that less fool goes to make a ni-	-----———-
mal ht*a; and fi di. and the natural ST. JAMES9 HOTEL..(Mf,V-L^p! re- ult of protection from exposure is	nret-fll»MCi,u,mercisl lluuee. Modern lin-
t hat 8h ' becomes more tender, ai d pro?«»M»t*-Rmu, moder^tr
ft he nee ls to be placed in t he most favorable enviro meut, that she may exercise the function for which she is bred—making the most but ter-fat from the food she cousues.
doubt about it, don’t
If you ure in lo It*
W I* V 1001
Engineer*'
CALVERT’S
O.Binfectanie »oapu. Olnl Powuere, etc., hare been
6UPPL II, At heat ot Coude,
P pe Covering,
Lu brio ting u If,
O e.4ee». eio.
•n
Do not take anything that does not hear the full name “Dr. Williams Ink Pills for Pale People.” It is an experiment and a hazardous one to " ise a substitute. Sold by all dealers or post paid at 50 cents a box or six joxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co. ,Brockville.


m
11
C»rbollC
ment. Tooth
ed I
' will NCI MMft
*
liill.mi*» for *upe lor iii/v in" prevent inleutl-dee er to obtain e free on application.
i
edAle
»w t
rxeeilriKW
on* die*; v»f*
,B,'Plr f! c". CALVERT A CO.,
inolamd.
» tW
rr*
WM. BUTTON COMPOUND 00,
TORONTO"^
To t

A e )our
mei ltd i

1
WANUMLSTâ*.
M B. ANMTT, Manager
cellar, the labor of vleaniug .stables is ^
MINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
JONH 4. MAI», lupt and Treat
Te send 1er •" complete SHI
EÈ” The Canadian
T*pf'?rs ÜS2S Heine Safety
....... boiler
.71
îlusic
Bladder Uum-Blood I i -
WINTER CARE OF MANURE
Where cows stand upon a platform way
In ill- cellar mike a tight chestnut	the edge* of the pile, moi
stuff should be added. W hen no liquid r.cvive a low l imp
18 Co»#
I 158 Yonge SL.
Toronto, owl Esplanade,
—	---- 0pp. Sherbourne St.,

trough 15 in wide andj G or 8 in deep hack of the cows. The row floor should
W&itsd
THE CHEK1UTI, IDIOT
Toronto

Thon the heroine, said the yi'ung-v t blinder, who has the hi bit ot toll-ibout the. stories ho roads, dis- that her idol hut feel if clay. ,U."ï®*w*«/^.
i. his n une
MrmaMrnffi-SS^S» cl.„ Wlter Tu6. «...
r°ro,,|u- Boilers, for All Pressures, 7T	Duties and Fuel.
etLi* m	• V*,, Jr m thiost, non sob
au t bU.l.'er J c 4 |l * boi * fit# for ,#mmUar$, I be lodiso Ostsirb Vur# Ve., !?<> Jsm«hA# MsetrssL
sow’a neck to a line vertical with her heels when standing in a normal pod-
mg
covei
A ml utter that, of cour is niU't, said the Cheerful Idiot
i
SOI . IcM HI
enctts
DAIRY NOTES
Not the least valuable merit of good
even
buried in it and finish off with sand
6BND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOOUB
Toronto Electric Light Oo., Limited. The T lUtoe Og.. Limited The Mfritr) Herrin Ou . Limited The Hutu Pervhe Rubber à Mfg The Wilson Publiel'tng Oo.. Luni
working.
Investors Should Examine.
MtlKES !
We would direct the attention of into the advertistincut of the
mouth water” is a wise part of
Mille Mille A Males
H rrlsier-», etc., removed lu Wetiei Hides., Rich* mood *L w . Toronto.
LAW
vestors
Sun Savings anil Loan Company, To-They are offering safe ami
a
»
»fR

ir

Bvohe, Botarlst, Cru. olf.iew, Scapulars,
Church Ornamruia f «ivf prompt *lle»
D AJ. BAüUt* 4 CO., Montrait.
i
t


*
i
w«
siâ

I
%
*//
j
Druggie?#, vr .1M Queen W Toronto
A
h
In the world's great drama the the j ocean plays the principal rule.
HARRIS i'f-T"
ie only Loi j Distant» lel-phooelTM.
BIUIAM 6T.. TORONTO.
New tmportaUaee flnrol I nglleh *<herp ted Amid- si r .III I'tiee. r LL à 00.. Toreol*.

>
Who!


'/A
A TORONTO MERCHANT
Bears Important News to His Fel*
low Citizens.
Dyeing I Cleaning 1
R
\
%
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
X

V
%
/


Toronto, Jan. 5.—Here ui a letter we hoj*e every one of our reader# wllj ruee "I am 39 years old
m
%

z
6s'
/y

/ % :
Have
troubled for four years with
o 000 ACRES C'O > fuming LANDS MU A AC whal * thought was Ithf Uma I Lsin— o, I	.t	... Title per* stiffness in ihe muscles of my legs,
Soon the stiffness Went to Hot
\
Ken




r
r A MioUum Slid later [n the arma
nain*New changed to soreness win be»idon oei Springs, and came hack a little better.
Was a moderate drunker, but quit using liquor altogether, aud carefully
One day I got
feet On Mivh 4ah 1 Loon 1. ik-' It ulru 11 iirr aero. Th. <r |,»u Town». Chur hr», n h res^unwble term
'///ml//

z
» are l Ills, etc V , to
R. M IM KIM'K A gen OrJ W i UIIV
//
z

fc

" - t Hay City, Mich uuru. Midi.
The miss-guided youth does everything his sweetheart tells him tovdo
Id. VS
/
If//l/>
n-gulated my diet wet and then the trouble was worse
Hsd to lay off for three Have had similar attacks at
mr?
W£ ARE UOEtilhC
Complexion
thaui ever week»
tSB-nis, slwsolo Intervale ever since, each one worse um.mu, dr»wUM than Li a predecessor
'.«VnU ïïlLtilî 5.2 In the email of the back urine
mu. luouey loaned on dark, scanty and scalding. Began in unrerr*MDi«4di» ufl[ng Dr. Arnold’s English Toxin
Pills a short time ago, and am already
Feel confi-
UK
Blemishes
TO INVESTORS
•KIM IMD TREATMENT.
¦"iswsisss:
iw« f
Ipecisl stock, gutmi stuck i»n)» va h dividend , it t Vioti-aUIc investuuu h vin i. an i L -ii t fuvurable terms ; a tricti. write us

Had headache,
iL
RHODES ON MARRIAGE
Cecil Rhodes regards marriage as a
hindrance to the full employment of
a man's business capabilities. When army one of his secretaries got married Rhodes dismissed him, but gave him a check for $25,000 as a set-off
y i
Bit
The man who is bent on joining the has to stand straight.
Deafness Cannot be Cured
by oca! application*, ** they oinnot reach tbe disM-ed portion of the ear. There le only obi
Can Catarrh Be Cured ?
Shepherd O. Frost. Chatham,'*. B
writes :	"h or a number of years i ^ ou h*fe * rum hi if,* ound or Imperfect
As announced some time ago, the welfare, gradually increased his Urn- a„d headache, and have tried many |	th^.»;mm.t,on o..
tory, until it embrai ed all Out a no east remedies during that lime, but w 1 h- , 'COndl'Son. hearing will bo doerroyed for of Toronto amt came to be recognized ou avail. At last I heard of your ,vpr. nine cue* out of ten are rna-e t by ('s the company's most important medicated oir treatment and procured 4*rrb wt teh I*nothin» hut an inflame I oonai
In 189.' his wise counsel and a ( itarrhozono . u til. Wilhm iwen-	^	%e" "lloTI'r sd II ,liars for ,n,
STb?'.	&‘»e£
, lieu! r	CUKSKY fe CO* Toledo, O
Sold by Droffg'-K 75o.
Hall*» ramify Pill" *r« the heel
I* *14

wonderfully improved dent they will cure me, and I shall give them the chance and report. I have not felt eo well for years aa I have ünce I began using your pills.
H. LEWIS,
477 Tonga St., Toronto.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
f


CANADA LIFE’S NEW PRESIDENT.
Arnold1* Fngllth To*in Pill* the onh medicine on earth «hit cures diseiw hy killing the gt ruie il«l cause it. are »oM b> all itrowiata, at TRo. a boi ; wmW#
isSrfy» Mila
41 Ring Street Wist, Toronto.
Dr
Mr. A. G. Ram-ay from
retirement of
;he offices of President and. General j Manager of the Canada Life A or* branch
Company took effect ou the 31st great experience in insurance matters ty-fnur hours my headache disappear-of l)e ember. The Board of Directors won for him a place on the Board/ of e,i and his not since returned, and in at their™ first meeting of the year, held Directors of the company, which he has a abort time I hive been complete-yesterday, on proceeding to fill the of- , since occupied.	ly cured of Catarrhs 1_ recommend
f,ve 0f i‘resident elected the Vice- While the Senator's keen judgment Catarrhozone as the safest and cheap. President, Mr F. W. Gates of Ilam- and wide experience in inve tmenta est cure for Catarrh. One holt le did ilto i to that position. Mr. Gates, have given him a commanding place in the trick for m»V' Catarrh-o-zone is however on account of his advanced financial circles, it is his rvcogujzed «did hy all druggists. Trial outfit se nt vcirs and impaired health, felt com- position in the insurance world ot Can- for ten c nta in stamps. N.C. Poison pel led to decline the distinction, and ada which cau-ea not only the Direct-,& Co., Kingston, Ont., Proprietors, the Hon. George A. Cox was unani- ors of the company hut its thousands mou lv elected as President of the | of policy-holder* to turn by'common '•ompaiiy	consent to the min who is best fitted
U was but iust and fitting that he to maintain its prestige and continue Dire tors should turn to the man the honorable, conservative policy who during these forty years had lab- which has made the Canada L ie As-ored with Mr. Ramsay to make the su ranee Company almost a national m-
company the magnificent success it is stitution.	.. t .
to-day Starling in as an agent of the When in 1861 Mr. Cox first became company at the age of. 21 years,1 Mr. connected with the company as its local Cox nt once brought to bear on the agent at Peierboro'. ts buMn»». in business Uiat tireless energy and in- torce amounted to only 3510,100. lo-domitabie will which have ever been day, at the close of 'the most success-characteristic of the man, and to which ful year m its history, business in his position in the world of finance is force stands at over $76,000,000, or
Discouragement twenty-two times greater than in l8bl.
It will be a matter of congratula-
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
X
ance
Angie r’s
Petroleum Emulsion
A corkscrew is r.ometimes used in opening a conversation.
“ Pharaoh 100."^^^
A most efficient substitute for cod-liver oil, pleasant to the taste, and agreeing with the most sensitive stomach. Used by physicians in the treatment of all throat and lung troubles, and if results count for anything almost no limit to the good it can do.
Every min has been, is, or will be handsome in the eyes of some woman.
Some men ride u hobby merely for exercise.
MÛIEB3I

fo	/it, f/Âs
/t/for	ft
/
4

BWl
• ' •
Au>
TlffUl o \ Loan
• M
to-day largely due
and fatigue which would have daunt-	. .	..
ed p less courageous spirit only served tion to those interested in the comas an incentive to greater effort when pany’s welfare to learn that Sena <>r there was a prospert of securing bus;- Cox will arrange to give a large share cess. Personal convenience was not i of his personal attention to the con-considered—it was the welfare of the duct of its affairs, and that he will 1	¦ that was at stake, and as a have the active assistance and co-op-
eration of bis son. Mr. E. W. Cox,, the
-

hûa o
Sample bottle ihailed tô any nddnni on ppcoipt of tc
cent» to cover postage.

company
result of his faithful, energetic; *er?-l. ¦ ire the business grew and prospered. Assistant General Manager, who has As time went by the company, recog^ already had sixteen years experience . miiLg the devotion of Mr Coi to Its in the company's service.
tiStiSS?* T oronto
Angier Chemical Co.


02127730
###PAGE###3###
MELA BITER BATTLE.
artiOHM having mubslded, tha tired crew (lui g themselves down anywhere and slept— slept like (lend men, ull except the olficer of the watch arul the helm man. They had at fust little to do that might keep them from alum her# (or the wind' had dropped to a
SKX .t-S SS&iZZa
liiliillpil
in motion. I'onwxim nt ly -"V ljer h travelled more than a iml# wme ibr was ll0 .sinecure* and whatever my ;u.ik wa* cast adrift, that strange craft qualifications may have b.ei. I have was nowhere to be aeen* and, stern no doubt 1 earned my (out and the martinet though he whs. the consci-tiny triangular lair under the com- oumicsh of something un nooy abou* paniouladder wherein l crept - 1 *us the re. eut business siole ihruugh h m. going to say when my woik wan done shrinking hie skin and making in*
-hut a rut her belief term to u e mouth dry, until for relief he sought would lie. in the short intervals be. the bel man and enter© I into con-tween jol'm	vsr.-ation with him on the* subject.
Now the story o(	the next nine	That worthy, a stolid unemotional
months 0» hoard tbo	Biltzeo is by no	hut hman	named Pfeiffer, scanned
m«ans devoid of interest; Lui 1 bave the whole of the palpitating bright
an uneasy feeling that I hav# already ne s around before he would absent pr. sent is costing Great Britain at the
a»,, ,.w..my	::. rz	^
Many virtues that SvVmi| p0rlM j(1 South America, look-	cover the	mailed speck against that	; cover a	cash	indemnity	of	at	least	\	asco	dm	Gama	in	\.m&, and	explored
‘ i. e, be too wa (ain^o ad-	i^ouoo.udo, without adding	s	penny	of	forty	years later	by	a	Portuguese of
xa lion touching tangible assets fleer named Capt. Lorenco Marquez, va u d at hundreds of millions or Until the beginning of the present
harp busim* s-likie reckon! g the great increase expected century Portugal exercised a hell seemed i o dis- in nv UMl ualer an improved gov- or loss nominal sovereignty over the
ernm(j t	bay as well as over the entire coast
II fore the Witwatersraud gold dis. line of Africa, but had completely ab-
of the tndoned its posts and trading stations
on the east coast whet* in 1822 Capt.
republics. Those .of the Transvaal contain twenty five mi bon acres of land on which are the Barberton gold fields. They include also one-third of the aha re capital of the Motherland Hallway Company, besides the right to eighty-five per cent, of the road's net profits after the payment of the fixed divldened on Its stock. This percentage alone In this year’s budget was set down at $3.375,COJ, which, capitalized on a three per teat, basis, would represent $112,500,000.
Among the public property of the Orange Free State, which includes lands, telegraphs and other sources of income, is the railway system, to vatively valued at $-7,5X)0)0, which in administration in the Tranarasl, set* ih 7 , uced t > <>sus i" dite amount-ling ai de the enormous strategic ing to $2,520,000.
Vl " ot he 1	h, African t* be beyond'all‘“oompeMation, Eng™nd
publics fur supremacy on the Uaik hopes to recoup herself for the mere
Continent Eng and hopes to find a ,,, iiii cost of her latest South
African war.
TO PAÏ THE WAR'S COST
t
I
YOU SING
MR. BENNETT BURLEIGH DWUWdS
THE ACTION.
IOW GREAT B (1 I AIN HOPES TO ME.iT THE EXPENSES.
Haw am! Why Hie Brlllefc Attack F.iileA -llcralMii a( Ihn HrllUb Auldlrn I be I,<m* uf l!i<* «.en*.
The first account giving aay adequate explanation of General Muller'# defeat at the Tugela Hiver comes by mail from Mr. Ik-unett Burleigh. The iJaily Teli-gratth's correspondent, says a London disjuatoh. It appears that the battle orders, drawn up by General Clei y, provided for the effective support of the artillery by General Bar'on's and General 1 undonald's brigades Those were u«-ver completed. General Bart missed his way, Lord I lundonald failed to support*mnd G envi i ai Barton got part of his forces in an untenable position. Colonel Long, with I he artillery, oui placed the escort of the guns, and they were lost.
Briefly, that seems to be the story of the Tugela Hiver ; but through graphic columns there continually ie-curs the discovery uf unexpected entrenchments and awlui fusilades from hidden Boers and gallantry such am has seldom marked Biitisk battlefields,.
Kcemuuy In I lir AilmlnUlrMlea ef Ihr Too mo will Afrlm u li«j»ahllrfl le Make I I» W*W,iWU,0UW I mli-in wily Halted hf 1 line IV r « rui. J.ouu Bril re rouble In
Three Vnirn.
Aside from the abstract principles involved in satisfying the demands of t hr Out landers for representation and a morr eff ic.ent, ho e -t and économie
CHAPTER I.
Regarded collectively, the Chinese may safely be classified under ihe head ol unpleasant races. Most people who have had personal dealings with them will doubtless admit that, while there are to be discovered among them a tiny sprinkling of really decent men and women, taken "by and large" they are to Westerns at any rate, anathema. And yet, when due allowance is made for environment, and for hereditary peculiarit ie.s of many strange kinds—for which, of course, the individual is in no way responsible—It may not be too bold an assertion that the Chinese are a people who only need a little real
ser.
mail-rial recompense for the war in ih»* puolic property and revenues of the be.ligerunt government s.
It hiu been staled t bat the war at
DELAGOA BAY.
people who only need a little real leadership on Western lines to be- |	|
come a truly great nation. They th.-d the reader's possess all the necessary qualifications with necesstfry for such a splendid future and few of j story of You t the
ire among us only inculcated by much ing in fti Alago.i Bay, visiting Ibmjoe- dazzling >ui 1
laboriotis tuition are the Chinese eui uangia and Cheribon. we finally ap- mit gthat the thing wa-i not comfort-, generis. No one will deny that they ! pvared to have sett 'ed down as a	ii g. Kignt	glad	were	iho	e	two men
know how to die; were it possible to	Chinese coaster, trading be ween all	when the interminably	long vvau	b
teed them how to live, such a revo-	sorts of out-of-the-way pons for mi-	over, and	the
lutlon would be felt in the progress	|jTti consignees, and carrying tt queer	notes of	the
of the	world	as it has never yet	wit-	assortment of merchandise. Finely	nip.tte in some meuhuie ihe « lulling
Of	course, this	does	not	we found ourselves at. Amoy Ui der	a! mo-.pin re of mystery th it hemmed
i. To the seco id mate the reOwing, 1 sup- tiring officer said nothing of his fears, covt ry, m	the revo me
pose, to the docility of -tho German	t,u( ha turd be ow hui r,e ly scratch- Xransvi.il was 81.0 2.07U and the excrew, md tin* high state of diecipli e	e,l h perfunctory note or two on the
far from	that of discussing	the econo-	maintained on board, we still catried	|0g- late, and bu idled, "all standing’’
_ i future of China. Such a task same crew that we left England —that is. dieased as he was—into his ho
that, while I bunk pu li .g ih* upper jgggggggg
A Hit of llltlory That Is Intermllng of
I III» Time.
w a s
more
ncssed.
touch the vast question as to whether I chart.*r for iio-llo with a full cargo thvui in such a resurrection of China is to be 0f Chinese "notions.” welcomed or dreaded.
Hut my intention in these pages is
A HURRICANE OK LEAD
After describing how the Ihltlsh forces began their advance at daylight and Low ib • Beura Jell thtm absuiu ely unmolested, the correspondent siys At Ü.2î> l b« re suddenly burst an awful crash of Boer musketry upon the batteries and advancing infantry rattle of the Mausers swelled, and was maintained us one continuous
fcince then, Cunliffe-Owen, of the royal navy, obtained from native chiefs a cession of
pvndi ure o.ily 1578,420
mb’ future	of China.	Such a task lt|l, snula crevv tll ll we left England	—that is. dleased as be was—into Ins how	v i	ho Briti h say that co11 ur
would be	indefinitely	beyond my I with; but 1 must say that, while I	bunk pu li.g th* upp r feather-bed lion	a ,d	extravagance, with large ex-	Delagoa Bay to Great Britain, England
powers, besides being utterly uoneces. |admired the good seamanship display- right over his head, as if to shut out peliUjlUr^ recellt yeara un muni- founded a town on the bay. to which
ErH e~E FSrssEaF.o^s	r:
My story is about a single Chinaman cven with the utile girl, w ho seemed g,.si ion of pule e>s along the eastern raided the standard u ilil the budget *y opposite the town of Loin ./» r
5^:::
ly, not apparently from any innate	f, It more or less keenly. As the ad- 0|(1	uays,	a! treaty with the Sou h African te
Bui, first,	in order to launch my brutality, but from sheer force of	vanci ig glory of th * new day displac-	* , nNT,e,.r	public, and this brought to an acute
story properly, I must premise that habit, as a London costermonger ed the deep purpe of the night, t lie v\ 11 Hub Cl lh ARE	the dispute as to the owner-
ill one of my vagrorn voyages, while l beats his faithful donkey. The o ly awakening crew recalled, as if it had	FLATEDj	j	. T.	..
was only u puny lad of thirteen, 1 thing that made life at all tolerable been a lifetime ago. the strung® hap-	...	It;(>81970 is ' “ll> uI ‘ ‘K01	. - ,
was flung ashore in Liverpool, pen- was that 1 was fairly well fed and pc ni:, g of the past few hours. But	J'*e	», •	was referred to the arbitration of the
nilesa and, of course, friendless, l or enjoyed robust health; while I i ever it was not u till this clear light w as set down for government salunes, >rehpieDi 0f the French republic, the many days I lived—or, rather, I did lost the hope tbit in some of our fu ly com * that the signifies co of the which on th • basis of those for similar	. .	^ their case on the cun-
S.tKX/t$S^8US32S;	tSL %%% r^SttJTJSS^ r'"T - Ttt «—	< W <•..»«?
threw In my way while 1 wandered able to run away. That blissful idea e<l all over with re l 'chops,' was the Lng.i i.ui u say can saloly >	H_H
about the - docks ; but as there were j kept steadily before me as a beacon. Chinese youth, whose e.i.steace had up two. This wou-d g-Ve an annual raving	chief magistrate of France, gave
many more experienced urchins with light to rb ter me on. Happily, dread ti 1 now been unnoticed from the of $3,010,$25, but it is estimated at nu/ . f..vnr (lf i»nrlULra| which sharer eyes than mine on the same 0f losing my wages in such an event lime he was first bundlel on board. ,	».jt/M)0()U 1o ,nuW ,,4 aiv of mar- a '	‘	„
keen quest, it. may be well imagined did not trouble mo, because I had 1 one Impassive as a wooden image, he look-	^ '	was loyally accepted by England, an
that 1 did not wax overfat upon my to lose as far as 1 knew; l did not wi as if the position! he had be d 8,n*	. agreement, however, being concluded
findings. Unfortunately my seafnr- stipulate for any when 1 jp.ne.1.	throughout the .night had left him What are officially called special b(,Lween tbe two nations, according to
ing instincts kept me near the docks jt wah on a lovely night that we unwearied, and to a.l appearance the ailll ,u dry ekarg-s. comprising, it is	.	,	r d' fmm t,or.
srSsHBnH SSS
wmmmmm mmmsm
mg log. Without any actual damage timing to the mate's side, addressed m.,y be wiped off the mate of annual * b 0 €„eil vevy iong v0l. Me- to the Boer trenches, un il within 400 to them, we giadually diew idvai of the grove.ling ( ele-tial in what e expenses, but its saving is reckoned ^jur(|0 suddenly died, aid the For. yards of 1 he nearest inle pits. Then, their cruising-ground, and, hauling supposed to be the only possible	vSloOOOOQ	tugueae govern me it took advantage lying down, th»-y returned the fire,
5 &%%.%%% ssa ïsrssïïï r "JZTLi—.«* u.	—.... ---—
Still very light mid lira, weather | er- accent, wan the queerest jargon con. ex{,eni!i Ure hxs grown from $l,7ti5,. “ ha(l nQt rarri.„j ouv a|j ile prj.	HEROISM OK THE IRISH.
IS»! sese EiiiiE. mm
sflpp.... I1SI1S Eiilll-.; iiiSs
a li ah» k and till ing the vr.-eel s e.n	- j iual economy.	, against the Portuguese government, ™	lo find the cross.
tuiemost at a rate that seemed out ||e |m.|<|v|ll ef Lor,i uwrcnre'i *•» V«v Thu Transvaal tly amite monopoly whic h will be mulcted in heavy dam- jf an(1 many a fine fellow, with his ot an proportion to'is lorce.	„** 10 Imlla.	formed one of the Gut landers' gne- ages to the company, damages which wtlghl 0f ammunition and acceutre-
For a tew moments the watch on	vv,lc vauces oa the ground that the qua.ity it will be unable to pay without the merUg was drowned. Jt was a des-
deck appeared to be stupid wiihi sur- Lord Lawrence, viceroy or nn ,	()f lbe explosive was bad, and that it assistance of Great Britain. For the perall. anj serious situation
prise. Then the skipper roused by the a blunt man of action, impatient of cosl tbvm more than would a first Portuguese treasury is on the verge a11ack upon the right was making no unusual motion, rushed on de k, and contradiction, and thoroughly self-re- class article imported by themselves 0f bankruptcy.	progress, and the hearts of the men
his -deep, guttural voice broke the ..	. y . like many of thti truly after payment to the government of	bad reached an apparent impasse. Lut
spell as be issued abrupt orders. All	*	,	* a profit suivaient to that which the	- there were furious and angry Irish-
hands were soon busy getting the great, he had a heart as tender a. 1 m0fl0p0||HC 10m Daily received. Under	FRENCH BABIES.	men who bad resolved to get across
vessel under control, shortening sail wumnn’s. The n:ght on which b* the Boer arrangement the government	1	.	somehow.
and trimming yards. But, to every- Btarted from London to govern India derives only $lu0,00i) a year from the It is not generally known that in from roc|| to rock and swimming, a body's speechless amazement, it was	¦ 11 hiu fa mil v in the draw- monopoly, wh.i • th^ co..ce>sionn irius* France it is forbidden under severe numb r won t ha Other sl-ie. Yet mo. t
ae.ss n.er,s:d.?;-z	‘r.V;	sls-jst.
twenty to thirty tons, utmn whose deck a favorite hymn to him. Hs youngest been urged on evidence thaU the con- un 1er 1 year any loriu 01 po i 10 < pUgeia 8t HI lay in front, and all the no sign of life was visible. All hands flun 10 yMra 0id, nestled in his f ith- sionnaires hive frequently violated unless such be ordered by a written whi 1c the murderous fire of cannon crowded to the rail, staring and mut- *	c .. ’ ,	efp#in^	m«n tb-ir contract, it i* coatended that prescription signed by a legally quail- and Mauser crashed and comrades fell,
tering almost incoherent. . comment er * urma- bu<ld)i y	g	here is $3,1)00,000 additional revenue medical man Nurses are also weltering in their blood,
upon this weird visitor that had so burst into tears.	which lh*. British would acquire as	.	,	. jn the meanwhile Colonel Long had
suddenly arisen, as it were, out of the * f Bhnll never,” he cried, "see Her- BOOll ati they assumed the Transvaal forbidden to use in it-tnng u in- |ost bj£ gUna, and Generals Duller and
*¦¦¦**
the vessel to be well secured alongside, j ing ^y and night. The passengers expenditures of the Orange ine kune, are corn.	were found. Corporals from the lincs-
and her contents to be transferred on complained in language more forcible but allowance is made for only	—- m,.n ant] drivers of the ammunition
board of us with all possible despatch. thûn polite.	W.	rt rirxi rnvrr Ticrnq waggons, taking wre teams, galloped
Meanwhile the strange mist	“Steward, throw that baby over- ^yuLLl) MORE THAN PAY LU AN.	A LGUJCAL VUM.Ll MUN.	oul an(i men and horses again be-
vaniMieti as suddenly as it had arisen, board 1" was petulantly shouted fi«>m ^ lbe redemption of a three per They had a dispute, and they had gan falling on etery side. Young and the full bright moon thune dow n Bieepiess berths.	ceul loan of $2b<l,0UU,U0J in thirty years agreed to leave it *-• the military ex- Roberts’ horse was blown up by a
upon the toiling men who with won- At last Lord Lawrence, seeing that	would be an allnual charge of Z,l.	shell. Congrove was hit with a bul-
derful celerity were breaking out, the thti ^ild was left motherless, by its m	VVhat bullet, they a^ked, do you con- let and his clothes were cut by other
junks cargo and burling it .on to our own mother, took it on his knee. For jt ThU‘iy ma(le up, with nearly half a 8i<le, the deadliest Ï	missiles. Schofield alone escaped un-
eüs i!EE!:igiü -mmw wMm
cabin, and ransacked its many hiding- f the relieved iwaaengere, aurpnaed	6Ueh, aa ia to be expected under	-*  guns, but the Hour fire was incessant
ulaces, finding numeious neatly-bound ,	86e the pjvernor-general of India „„ “Uministration more honest and ef-	VERSONAL EQUATION.	and withering. At four the battle was
¦mm rnmmi -mm% I ¦
S-SK	iBaSEEB HSsu-sasc
* *S *5 - -........................................................-
made of the treasure-trove thus pecu- that.	SOME Ob THE AS. HIS.
barly shipped; and, the excitement Well, said the wlinees. n»>	Then there are the
that hfd sketained their unusual ex- meaning is ’hat he nee.
The
From the buildings and lines
roar
of trenches suu'h of the river and
In 1 O'J
from the river bank itself the Boers fired at our gunners and footmen, and from the trenches on the northern side of the Tugela River aad from Fort Wylie and elsewhere they sent out a hurricane of leaden hail, and the
virtue»
bullets venomously rained upon the ground in ail directions, raising puffs of oust and tearing through the air
with shrill sounds seen so heavy and so deadly a fusl-tade; bu neither the British gunners nor ibt infant!y hesitated or vsiuced-Cannon were wheeled into position, although many of the horses an i men were shot down ere the manoeuvre was completed, and our indomitable soldiers walked erect and straight onward
lest days ever possess id more devoted
gladiators marched,
hew nave ever
In 187d Marshal MacMahon
Owen
Not even Rome in hei poilin-
ks th
fragrant breeze, and immediately located its source as the galley of a barque that lay near, loading. 1 must have looked hungry as 1 swiftly came alongside of her, for the broad-faced cook, who was standing at his galley-door swabbing his steaming face after his sultry sojourn within, presently caught eight of me an«l lifted a beckoning finger. 1 was by his side in two bounds, and before I had quite realized my good fortune 1 was loading up at a great rate from a fortsbly-sized dish of plum soup. My benefactor said nothing as the lagei spoonfuls passed, but lolled against the door placidly regarding me with much the same expression as one would a hungry dog with a just discovered bone. When at last I was well distended he asked mo a few questions in a queer broken English that I immediately recognized as the German version. What was 1 # Where did I come from f Would 1 like to go to seat And so on. Eagerly and hopefully 1 answered him, much to bis amazement ; for, like every o' lier seaman I fell in with in those days, he found it hard to believe that I had already been nearly two years at lea, so small and weak did I appear. But the upehot of our interview was that he introduced me to the skipper, a burly North German, who, looking stolidly down upon me, between the regular puffs of smoke from his big
^•'Vell, poy ; ju dinks ju like du komm in a Gherman scheep—hein Î"
I faltered out a few words, not very coherently, I a in afraid, for the prospect of getting any ship at all was just like a glimpse of heaven to me. Fortunately for my hopes, (apta.n Strauss was a man of action, so, cutting short my faltering reply, he resumed : "All righdt. Ve y oust loosd a leedle Engelsch boy lige 'you pin mit me more as ein jeer, gab in-poy, und mein vife lige him fery veil. Ju do so goof as him, you vas all righdt. Vat ju call jorselluf-hetn ?
“Tom, sir," I answered promptly.
»‘Ya ; den ve calls you Dahn. Dat Oder poy ve calls Dahn, und so ju gomes all de same for htm-aïncl Id ?
That seemed to settle the matter, for he turned away abruptly and was gone. I hastened to my friend the cook, and told him what the skipper had said, with the result that in other five minutes I was busy laying ? he cloth for dinner in the cabin as if 1 bad been the original I>an just come back A pretty, fair-haired little irirl of about ten years of age watched me curiously from a state-room door with the frank straightforward
sfS'jfüsr
well I could do my work. I res-
forward and spoke
cum-
The
By dint of scrambling
that they had but
The
He
an-
te me; hut her remarks being in German, 1 could only smile feebly and look foolish; whereupon she indignantly snapped out, ' Schaafskopf. and ran away. She returned almost directly with her mother, a buxom, placid-looking dame of about thirty-five, who addressed me in a dignified tone. Again I was in a hole, for she spoke only German also; and if ever a puer urchin felt nonplussed. I did. This drawback made ray berth an uncomfortable one at first; but, wi h gtrb opportunities as I had and sut h a powerful inducement to spur me on, I soon picked up enough to under-atan 1 what was said to me, and to
make souwz, suitable reply.
was a smart-looking,
I
TWO MUCH TIME WANTED.
If you will get my new suit done by Saturday, said a customer to a tailor, I'll be forever indebted to you.
If that's your game, replied the tail* or, the clothes will not be done at all.
SAVED BY DISCRETION.
(Visitor—Harry, have you tried all the remedies kind friends prescribed for your malady f
Invalid—Good gracious, no! If I had I’d have been dead and boned live yea re ago.

MERELY A HINT.
Mr. Bo rents 11 p.m. —My motto is Pay as you go.
Miss Cutting—Well, I'm willing to lend you a small amount if Lt will help you out.
ts of the two
Th# * **#l
f


###PAGE###4###

*

***»»¦
The Canad’an Pacific will undertake to	I	W YA»
carry with a tieet of their own our Canadian grain from Port William to North Bay, where it will be transhipped to Canadian Pacific cars en toute to Mon-Osman l>;gna, the principal general of treal. In other words, the Canadian
the Khalifa Abdullah, has at last been Pacific will do what the Canada Atlantic
Railway is now doing from Parry Sound.
If this enterpme is carried out, as l have no doubt it will be, it will bring 25,000,-04N) or SO.iHHt.CNK) bushels of Canadian grain to this St. Lawrence route and the port of Montreal. Of course the port cf I Montreal has to be ujuipped speedily, removed the duty on binder twine and and that is the reason why 1 have been
reduced the duty on coal oil, but still urging so strongly on the harbor commie-these articles, indispensable to the farmer, wouers to go ahead.
*........
Montreal. Mr. Tarte said :
“ Most certainly we do. I am now in communication with the harbor (\ minis.	.	.	.	. . .	.	,,	, sinners. There is now $500,000 in the
dress m the Legislative Assembly, drew estimates of my depattment for carrying
attention to a number of omissions in the out works in the i astern portion of the Lieutenant Governor's message
THE EQUITY.
Kash is King.
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 1, 1900
THE MARKETS.
EDITORIAL NOTES
( )0000000000( )3000000000( )
Must Go 1
A few Cutters left that must be sold to make room for Spring Goods.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, Manda nil at mill. 1m to OSo, Oat> per bushel, 21 to 2.V. lVase per hushel.54 to .VU\
Kggs, per dozen, I.h*.
Butter, per pound, 10 to 17c.
Wool, pvr pound, 18 to 20c.
Hay, per ton: $0.110 to $7.(11.
Calfskins, Ô0 to (Me.
Pork, per loo H>s., 81.03 to$3.w\
Beef per lou ll»s., $1.00 to $4.50. Beans, per hush., $1.00 to $1.10. Hides, per 100 pounds, $7.30 to $7.73 Pelts, each. 50 to 7*V.
Turkeys per Ih. 71 to Sc. tievsv per H», à to tic.
Chickens per lh. Ô to 0v.
Ducks, per lh. 0 to 7c,
O
O
MY TERMS
o
o
O
I)
ARE
o
o
captured in the neighborhood of Tahar. This is considered the final blow to the power of the Dervishes in Egypt.
o
O
o STRICTLY CASH, o
o
o
( )OOOOOOOOOf>( )« H H KM )OOOOOG
Hy adhering closely to this rule it enable* me to do watch and clock repairing, and sell everything in my line at
The Liberal ministers boast of having
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
it (
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
*
Our goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every time .....
Mr. Flynn, in his speech on the ad
First, harbor, where the Canadian Pacific will Agents locate themselves more and more. \ou
.......	, .	...	, will understand that there must be con-
ence to the abolition of bpencer Wood, deferable improvements at the port of
which was once a Liberal platform plank; Montreal, but it must also be borne in
mind that it is not a Montreal question, but interests nearly everybody in the l)o* minion, farmers, merchants, manufacturers, and, m a word, all who use transportation."
Mr. Tarte adds that the Canadian Pacific U lil way stands ready to erect two large elevators, besi ies providing stock yards in the lower end of the harbor.
The Canada Atlantic and the Connors
Syndicate are ready to erect an elevator Agents : People are clamoring fur an each so that there should be abundant authentic history of tlu* Boer-British facilities for business in this part of the war. We have a big, cheap hook, by harbor if the Government does it part.	two «>f the best historical war writers
>fthe world, sumptuously illustrated by photographie views taken on the spot. The only British Canadian bonk levienev or capital unnecessary.
'hk Ijnmott Pi bmshim; Company,
Toronto. |
Three young men for ape* viul work. Teachers or educated men referred,
nr Liym mit Prr.u>iliN«i (Vmiwy,
Toronto.
:	\ rich nmi golden harvest for
you. The war in South Africa is the bloodiest ut the century. We have the only Canadian book ; by Cast ell Hopkins and Murat Halstead ; the recognized historical war writers. Our representatives in South Africa and Lon don supply direct news ami pictures of battle scenes It is authentic and gives information Canadians want. Everybody buys. Now i< the time to commence work.
Bit UM.KV-C UtKKTsON Co., LlMITKP,
Brantford. Ont.
GOODWYN
it was pointed out, there was no refer
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR, .... ONT.
.. also ..
nor was anything hinted at in regard to the abolition of the taxes the ministers, when they were opposition leaders, used to promise; nor anything about the great grants to education that much was once said about; nor even about Hon. VI. W.
Sloops, Double Sleighs,
Driving Sleighs, Fanning Mills
Sewing Machines.
0ÏÏAWA&GATINEAU RÏ
Stephens' new municipal code. This latter is a grievous omission. Having in memory what Mr. Stephens’ etl >rta at minor law making have been, the result of his zeal in municipal reform had been awaited with something akin to awe — Montreal Gazette.
Fall and winter Tsme Table
Taking effect Oct. 1(5, 189V
9
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. Train Arrive Ottawa
Nom. 1 and 2, dally except Sunday.
For ticket* and further Information apply to K. 0, Arno ill, Ticket Agent. !>i Spark St., or 31 ( entrai Chambers, Ottawa.
P. XV. KESSKMAN.
GenM Sup't.
5.20 pm
0.20 a.m
• •
To Tdo sold cut at low prices.
Ex
Municipal Code Revision

SMART & SMITH.
The capture and abandonment by the troops under General Warren of 41 Spion
In the lugis'ature last week. Mr. S. W.
Stephens secured the following special
Kop’’—a mountain which was thought commirtee to examine into sundry amend* Wanted
to be the key of the Boer position, con* menM to the Municipal Code, which he
atitutes the chief event of the war since »ra\Mi up during the recess Lion.
Messrs Du tty and Fiynn and Messrs. I hi
coyne, Chau ret. Cheerier, Marion, Roy,
Tellier, Watts, Panneton, Lacoiube, Dc	.	.	. r .
D'Auteuil, Blanchard, Champagne Agents :	.’"n]x .V.n ‘ !,;|111 *^v!va
and the Boer-British \> ir i* it regular
bonanza fur agents. Big cheap Book.
Sells on sight. < hit lit free to canvassers.
The Lin
K
\NTK1> Honest manor woman to tra
'
• : i xp< sv*
M \NAi.El
\\
A HINT
ilatx 5" month* , with lue»• &*e position is.- - dih i stamps i
< axli u bldg.,
our last issue. The incident, however, indicates a great deal, and unfortunately, the reverse of that which was hoped for.
It indicates that the second attempt of
(ieneral Bullet's army to reach Lady- f ^‘;,uiion of hi, motion a,king for smith ha. met will, dismal failure and the app, imment of such committee, Mr. alas, too, it is feared at a large sacrifice of stenlLna >aid that he desired to submit life. Spion k"p, a position supposed at t0 ,'he cums.ittec for the code, which he lrs‘ t0 be of «real advantage to our ,d much rathtr that some uther mem-
troops, seems in reahty to be an exposed ber of the house, who corid do it more
=rÆf 'i—TENDERS EOS CHEESE-MAKES
up a withering tire up,n it dining the he had mado had been to simplify matter* '•<* rewivel l.y tin- ;uvl<*i dguv-l up till .«•ole of the Tugela rixei, haung fai.ed in ^	| various forms at the end of tlm supplies ; or huxx much wages he will take
mmmm ssss1
veiy grave character.
0
I y
Official Time Table :
1
him
eilVv • >! Cut on g
AM
P.M
Aylmer ? BreekeiirWge t Kimlley Parker’» ( rosstng
?	Mohrs . Quyon
Wyman’s
?Tank
Bristol McKee's Khawvllle Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î Vinton Coulongo
*	Mellon’s Waltham
Arrive P 45
5.45 Leave
!>.2I
HIM
the Wise!
tt.iift
6.12
8.68
6.18
Business
Booms
Vi Ul I'illN-. I DMiMM
6 26
• •
#.5<i
WK SKÜ, WH AT ENKRYONH WANTS
T« rout
8.40
8.37
8 22
t 47
• I
8.14
1/6
M
8 (IS
158
WANTED !
41
h 02
; oi
The Cheapest, Best and Most Reliable STOVE in town.
7.52
•20
7.31
45
7.18
4.00
7.1(1
M
103
7.0(1
M2
HI
ft 64
1.30
" ft 30 leave (. i
It
Packman
I A3 Arrive
•Flag Station. (Tank. PFfag S’.Mtuu
\ Large Stock of
Tin and Agateware
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
i
>vr month to make the cheese ami furnish iis own supplies'
weigh ami keep an accurate account of all milk brought t" the ftu tory. weigh and more simp’e procedure of the hducatieii box all cheese leaving it ready for ship-lie proposed, as one change, that ment ; also to make first-clas*. Cheese that the county board of delegates be elected will coinnmnd the highest market price.
By-elections to the Dominion Parlia 1 y tin* local municipalities, instead <•! the t :	r't ’ !,‘m VI not nocessrtnl>
ment were held in Winnipeg, Litbiniere j County Councils. Everyboby knew the
trouble that was experienced with lural
\ 1 wa \
hat
P. W RESSEMAN, .
U EN III A L SV PEH1NTEN PENT
Cheese-maker is t
tin
i
•HIGHEST PKI CE PAID
i
Net
I
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
I!
:lu along me keep it xarit d : erchan-
DALE BROS., SHAWVILLE.
li. 11. ELLIOTT, President Lily t ’. & 11. I
TIME CARD
IN EFFECT DEC. 4, 1899
EASTERN DIVISION.
srr
and Sherbrooke, last Thursday, with the following result
In Winnipeg, Mr. E D. Martin, Inde- in his revision, to provide that where these
pendent Liberal, was elected over A. M inspectors called upon proprietors to re-
-Q pair roads or bridges, the work must be done inside of forty eight hours, failing which the inspectors could do the work Lotbiniere elected Fortier, Indepen- themselves at the expense of the neglect-
dent Liberal, over Boisvert, Government ing party, and collect the cost from the
secretary-treasurer, who would collect it within fifteen days.
.	He fully believed that this provision
Conservative, defeated S. A. Lebarron, would go very far towards securing the
Liberal, by 98. The latter constituency making of gotd roads in the country dis- j dolin' to inform the public that 1 will do
tricts. There was much in the c<,de that might be changed, with w hich he had not interfered, for he did not want the com-
1
Shaw ville 1\ 0.. lju<
road inspectors and how d.thcult it was to get them to do their duty. He proposed,
1\ S. Call and inspect our stock before purchasing.
Will
li
Lumber
Our stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date and well assorted.
Vnttee, labor candidate, by about
CEO. HYNES,
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21 HOURS.
majority
Sawing !
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. DISSOLUTION GF PARTNERSHIP.
candidate.
In Sherbrooke, Hun. ,Tulin McIntosh
SILAS YOUJIC.
Trains leave Ottawa Cential Depot: -
Local -*trtp* nt all iu-e termvillate -nation*. Ar-Xallexflidd, connect* Co-
a <>.10 A.M
-c
i hr* Mont tea
tl .1 . J(’t I I C< M." : luU | « lUt* WVf
Limited stop# Ahxan-i	.	- : i v, Arris '
Montreal ll l*»a u. I'ullmauparlor »ar attached.
«	a- à il Minday» only stop» at
y	X # vm * intermediate station*.
Arrivva M.-atrta! 11.15 a. m Pullman parlor car n‘-ta. lied
was previously held by the late Hon. W V>. Ives, and the Government made super
human eft iris to wrest it from the Cun- mit tee to which the woik was to be refer servative party, several of the ministers, red, to imagine that he desired to be con- j $2 pGT 1000 f66t, CciSll.
including Mr. Tarte, remaining in the eijiered ai the author and finisher of the
,	,	. whole code. His work was, he knew, far
constituency during tne week prawns (rom belng petfecti and there much
and leaving no stone unturned to secure that might still be done. No work that the election of their candidate; and be- he knew of was more a labour of love to a
man who desired to do something for his country than to assist in giving it a good municipal cede. There were many municipalities who had no men of legal training connected with their governing bodies, and anything that might be done to sim« plify the code which governed the conduct uf these bodies would merit their gratitude. In conclusion, he said that he had sent several copies of his revision to men who were considered experts in municipal allai is in various parts of the province, asking for suggestions and advice, but only two of them had made any reply at
a 8.45 A.M.
CUSTOM SAWING
the rate of
X
• the partner •tweentip* unlie*.* in the vil-ber mamifac-st yle of ** El-«solved by liming to the said ie undersigned
all claims
X large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
>hip her tiers igm luge of Shaw . tureis under tl liott & Dal bet. tuai conseil late linn are to b.
•lolm (i. Elliott, i'
against the same Dated at >hax\ \ an. 1:«f>.

t
rryuig ot
for H' ( k’ai «I
Lo« .«I
t*.
Limited-Mop* Alexandria ami Coteau Jet. m. Pullman parlor trains for Quebec,
a 11.40 A.M. a 4/40 P.M.
SHINGLES
cut at 80c. per 1000.
1 li
lia
IN UNDERTAKING
X
Arm>* Montreal 0.50 p
with
only
( itr atta. lied. C«nme t Portland, Halifax and all point» vaut of Montreal Fur Vallfvtield and all points south of the St. Lav. renee River, St. Alliens, Burlington, etc.
Boston 7 a. in., New York 7.8V u. m. Has Wagner sleeping car. Ottawa to New York, i* •) V I) M Local—sto]»* at tntermedi llesrs) 1 # Vm # ate stations. Arrive Mon trealy. 45 p. in. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Corn wall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Ha» Pullman car to Montreal.
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dnv and night.
ID
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
sides the pressure of those gentlemen were enabled to bring to bear upon the result, the 41 machine, —which was so potent a factor in assisting Government candidates in Ontario some tune ago - was worked for all there was in it to defeat Mr. McIntosh. The latter is therefore entitled to hearty congratulation for having put up a strong successful tight in the face of powerful and unscrupulous opposition.
tied.
h -lav of Janu
Arriving
through
JOHN J. McOLBAHY,
SHAWVILLE.
.’.(i. ELLIOTT WM. HAH HER


Witness, G. W. Da
Noti: .Ml partial mi. v! ?<> the Into firm of Elliot! & Hark settle upon01 ln*f«»?¦«• : next.
TanuaJv ‘2*2. liww
WANTED!
TENDERS FOR SECRETARY.
He requester! to iv Nt «lav of Mardi
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot ? At 4	Local—from Rockland
9t 4 # ^ Æ# vl# and intermediate pointa.
a 11.20 A.M.
England and New York point*. Montreal, leaving at
Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa
FRESH and CURED
G. ELLIOTT
Sealed tenders marked recel vt d. addressed to the undersigned up to Saturday the 3rd day of February, 1900. for a Secretary for the Clarendon Cheese & Butter Company f"i the season of 1900.
Tender
will
MEATS
a. m
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
a 1->.I0 NOOX SS&yK
fast, having there at V 40 a.iu: Stops at Alexandria julv. Ha* Pullman parlor car.	„	.	,
Ie OK 1> XI . Limited—from Montreal 3, t).*)») I «Jli leaving 4.«5 p. m. Stop* it Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor car (k i * l)	Daily— Local-from Inter-
ef, 1 $} I elVle mediate point*. Cornwall Kingston, Toronto and i»oinU west. IIm Pullmâii
SHORT GRAIN ROUTE
The person applying
at ion is to keep all books belonging to tin Company ; till out all cheques for money; keep an accurate account of everything, and do all other work pertaining to this Parties tendering to state what
for this situ
all
%
of all kinds at
Mr. Tarte Favors use of French River to North Bay.
DESPERADOES AT OTTAWA
THE SHAWVILLE
!V|eat Market
office salary they expect.
The lowest or any tender not nece> sarily accepted
Gentlemen :
Hon. Mr. Tarte, minister of public works, in an interview last week, with reference to the proposed opening up of French Hiver to North Bay, so as to allow the Canadean Pacific Railway to carry Canadian grain from Furt William to North B^y by water, thence to Montreal by rail, says :
4e I have been giving my attention to
this matter f >r several months; so much the fusils whic up! f etrangers so that 1 will ask my colleagues to allow opened upon the premises last night. It uie to place in the estimates a pretty was about ten o’clock. There was a large amount of mtney to improve the dance in progress in the ball room up French R vt r from ns mouth on <$t )rgian stairs and only two or three customers in
the bar-room* where the proprietor was
It is already a navi- in charge.
P.eceded by a coloured man, two well-dressed men entered the bar. One of them marched up to Jack Connolly, who was standing at case in the corner of the room, struck him heavily, and when he showed signs of resistance thrust a revol* ver in his face. Then the two opened fire with a brace of revolvers each, but just as one of the fellows was preparing to spring across the counter the proprietor called out that the cops were coming and the two desperadoes after firing a parting •hot or two made their escape into the street. They have not yet been caught.
A Couple of Strangers do Some Indiscriminate Shooting in a Capital Hotel.
pari ) < ai
Having I Knight out the Tailoring business of Mr. Clinrle-. Frame. I beg leave to Ma-i- t hut I am prepared and i:i a position to give every satisfaction
to those who ma) entrust me with an order.
Middle & Western Divisions
ROBERT SMART, President l*. C. & B. (
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
, (Dally, except Sunday)
Train* leave Ottawa Central Depot :
0	a A f F.-r Arnvrior. Renfrew, O» 1 i) A» J1» kganvllle Pembroke, Bury h Bay, Whitney. Cam* Lake. Parry Sound and intermediate point».
4 lit 1) XÎ For AiuprP.r Renfrew, Kg-TitI r I • Jl • an ville, Pembroke, and in-
lermetliate point*.	# -
1	AA 1) XT Mixed traia for Ampriy, I *W I . i)l• llenfrew, Eganvllk, Mufa-
wuaka and Intelmediate stations.
Park man P. O..Qut
Ottawa, January 24 — H«lf a drz n perforations in the bar and furniture ot Harry Deshiuricra Hotel, the Atlantic, I at the Union Station, attest the fury <f
\
J. G. McGUIRE,
WANTED !
TENDERS FOR CHEESE-MAILER. My Motto :
Proprietor.
p.
i
business. No I rons, -
I»e received by the undersigned, up till. n/r_y	,
Saturday, Feb. 3rd. 1900. for a competent tfiy JL/016 PITH licit i Oil Î Cheese-maker for the Clarendon Cheese	T,> i„.„
and Butter Company, for the season of	...	*' 1cl work that
w ill
son with the very I
work that I»
ionable appt attention of the continued who entrust order.
Leave your Measure next.
D. WILSON’S,
disappoint
Sealed Tenders marked “Tender" will
Bay to Lake Nipisaing. The distance is
mile?
gable river and we will only have to improve parts of it to make it a first class waterway for ships drawing 18 feet. We require to build dams and a couple of locks, and the balance of the work will be dredging.
Just look at the facts. Up to this day the Canadian Pacific Railway has carried our Canadian wheat to Fort William, where it has been left to its fate, or in other words, has been taken by American barges to Buffalo. Out of ten bushels of Canadian grain I do not think I am exaggerating in saying that nine have gone
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot
Applicant to state what In* will manufacture cheese for per 1UU lbs. and furnish his n supplie» : or how mut h w ages he will take i> cheese and furnish
•'fui compart-t*'t n
y 1 ' 'Jtylish nml fash-• ill draw the « ver) qpe, and secure patronage of those îik* with their first
1900
From Pembroke. F^an-ville, Renfrew, Arnpriur
11.10 A.M.
and intermediate point*
er month to make the hi' own supplies. Cheese-maker is to weigh and keep an accurate account of all milk brought to the factory, weigh and box all cheese leaving it ready for shipment ; also to make first -class Cheese that will command the high est market price.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Address all tenders to
From Pirry Sound, Pembroke, E^auville, Renfrew
5.35 P.M.
irar
u
Amprior and Intermediate l*oln»e
*
Mixed train from Madawn» ka. Banville. Renfrew, Am
3.00 P.M.
a
prior and intermediate stations
OTTAWA TICKi:T OFFICES #
Central Depot Rnssell Boose Block
Tickets to Europe and nil parts of the world by nil American and Canadian steamship lines, also took » tour*.
J. W. C0W|BA, tailor.
»
ROBERT SMART, President C. C & B. Co
a Trains run daily except Sunday V Sunday only.
Park man P. O.. Que
(MeAnhur1* building, Main St




	

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
JA8. HOPE & Co.,
VfANUFACTURINO STATIONERS,BOOKHEL lTf (era, Bookbinders PrluUra, eto. Depository f iue Ottawa Auxlllrr) UlMf Society,Ottawa, Out.
G. F. HOGGINS'
January 1900
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest!.
PUBLISH*D EVERT TI1VBBDAY
AT HHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, qUB.
SUBSCRIPTION-SI.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper utoppetl until all arrearage* e paid, unless hy special arrangement with ubllsber.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
9 9
FEBRUARY
NOTARY PIJBLÎ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVING» CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN on I A4 y TERMS.
QUB.
W ill In* In Shftwville on Tuesday of every week.
Out of A CAi( LOT of the
M|0ST BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED CUTTERS
Stock-Taking Sale
BRYSON
o
ADVERTISING RATES
Legal advertising, eight renin per line for first Insertion snd four renin per line for each subséquent Insertion.
Business ranis not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
I/)cal announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
for longer periods Inserted which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will l»e Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
Ever brought to this County
Only ^ were left to tell the tale.
rit Others are coining in to replace them.
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac, office, Main St., 8 lia w ville.
Accounts collected arid prompt return* made.
Is now running in full blast !
lire month or at low rate*.
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL
84 Nepean St., Ottawa. Ont
The man who does or does not want to Buy may find in the list below something in his neighbor may want :
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT !
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Sold.
Sleighs, Sloops, (factory ami hand made)
Harness, Bells, Boots, Brushes, Bandages, Blankets, Bits, Robes, Cushions, Collars.
Plows, Disc Harrows, Seeders, Rollers, Cultivators, Mowers, Rakes, Tedders, Hay Forks and Slings, Washers, Wringers, Daisy & Buttercup Churns,
J. W. Mann Giant and Champion Seeder, Coulthard & Scott and Frost & Wood Machinery.
Wartman & Ward’s Provender Grinders and
Pulpers on hand.
Machinery, Paint and Si:wind Machine Oil
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and
üt'femie<?to?"1 *11 '	>’r"rnplly I Prompt Attention given to all
John a. cowan. | Commissions. Prompt
Returns
What’s in a Name ?
>
CONSIGNMENTS SOUCI T EIK
A Great Deal when once Established,
OUR REPUTATION FOR
High-class Dress Goods, Clothing, Men’s Furnishings, Boots and Shoes is well established, and we will strive to keep it so by square deal. . . ing and good, honest dealing. . . .
Publisher
Commieiilon Business a Specialty
Business Cards.
Ill ITIKKNi > ¦* in FritMMUON :
Deni# Murphy. Pre#. Ottvwa Traiwpfirto'ion C V. W- Avery., Hull Lumber Vo.
J. T. Hhlrrflt, E ». Eddy Co.
LiiV lifonl & McDougall, Iinrrlater#,
John Hrney & Son#.
H N. ILK, & Son.
MEDICAL
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B./y., M.D..C.M.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
GRADUATE OF M(GILL VNIVKRSIT'Y, '
Office Residence of the lute Dr. 11. II Knox, Shnwvllle.
Our Fresh Consignment of
English & Canadian Prints
D. B. ALEXANDER. M.D..C. M
The spot spot for
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toront examination of Trinity Med. College, Toront Oi i< k a>"D IttiioKSi k : J II Ar.M-.rKos
MAIN 8TBEK1
A Fashionable Hair Cut Goon Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
is here fur inspection.
patterns, heavy Cloth and guarantors. Now is the time to buy Prints
Fellow by
1
All catchy teed fast co and have made up for Spring.
* IIoVSE
t- r Your Turn next
«HAWVILLE
LEGAL

A PPLICATION will l v marivhytho
Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company to the Parliament of < anad^, at its next .session, for an Act authorizing it to construct and operate a railway from at or near Quvoii nr Shawville to Pum-
; railway nut exceeding thirty miles.
A. FERUrsoN,
Solicitor fur the Company Dated 7th December, 18HD.
Here We Are !
1
I
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L L
!
This is Pontiac's Cheapest Grocery House.
In Groceries we pride ourselves on handling only best brands —clean and fresh—and at
the most moderate prices.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
l
ADVOCATE . . r.KYSON
visit Shaw ville bvbky Monday
f
and

WILL
md t<» construct branches of its
JEWELLER
s
4 @r
Êê&§
KFK
WM. GAMBLE,


u
&
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVER WARE

BARRISTER, Ac.,
150 Main Street.....

TRY Ol’K Klondike (Titsup, British Columbia Salmon. Sardines,
Vanned Pc as, Corn and Tomatoes, California Evaporated Apples, and Peaches, Marmalade, Prunes, Oranges and Fresh Figs from
is, Pure Spices and Colli
f
Hull*
At Shawvllle. second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over G. F. Hodglne' Store. Main St.


NE demande sera adn mint du Canada, ;t
U
-, f e au parle-• t pr<k ! ui iv session, par la C..mpjignie de chemin du fer Pontiac et Jonction du Pacifique, afin d'obtenir un acte PautorPant a construire et exploiter un chemin de fei partant du ou piVs de f^uyon ou Shawville et allant jusqu'à 1
branchements de son chemu: n excédant pas trente milles.
A. FKRW SON
f:
Sht.
m
L
i
far otl Turkey. Finest Hhvk and Japiu

t:
*
ar
Ri
FISH : Salmon Iront, Green & Boneless Col, No, Labrador Herrings. %%
V
a h
a
ARTlliR Mct’ONNELL,
* TTORNF.Y AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull, \ otic, will, at re<|iieM,nî,tuu dull court* l,i thudistrict. Alljorro8poudencti)rompf
lyw?"l beaHhawvllhflretThursdayofeacb
month.
SHAWVILLE. Q
P. S—Balance of PURS cheaper than ever.
Always ahead for
LOWEST PRICES BIGGEST ASSORTMENT BEST GOODS, in
t construire <!es era
G. F. HODGINS.
fur
District and Country.
UC
i
Mr. W. J. Johnston, of Arnprior, has hvm elected warden «J Renfrtw county for the current year.
Solliciteur de la C’oii.j agnio Date le 7 décembre, 1-Sîtîb
CEO. C. WRIGHT
The Misses Jennie Scully and Maggie Queale returned home from Shaw ville on Thursday.
Mr. Arthur Queale went to Shawville Wednesday, returning Thursday.
The cleik cf the weather has been sparing of the snow'so far, but March is not dune yet,
Mr. J. C. Bertram, representing the Rideau Lumber Co., of Ottawa, was at the Utter Lake House Friday.
Messrs. V. A. Moore and W. G. Austin arrived at (iilmour's depot Friday evening, leaving again Saturday.
YARM
9
A	' u il n	Napoleon Richer, the coachman who ()ur postmaster is keeping bachelor's
Hull» yue » waa injured in the accident at the Ottawa hall these last few weeks.
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.) K*at crossing last winter, gets 8*-\000 Mrs. McJanet and little daughter Ce-
V" ““ " — """	E. iel.iie, Sft
zzi'svzizsîix.
while working in Connelly'. ,hant.es.	Xîi.'. Jennie HarrUU visiting at her
The wreck of a large unknown vessel | sialet's, Mrs. T. Palmer's.
Mrs. T. Hodgirs has a young a.iugh-
STOVES,
TINWARE, AGATEWARE, PIPES, &c.
?
230 Main St
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
The Shawville
S1S11 ami
now:
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court,
! ¦ eds
— ALL KINDS
Commissioner ami Conveyancer Mortgages, etc.,executed legally and tails
factorlly
wns discovered at Fox Tail Point on the Newfoundland coast on Wednesday. No ter; also Mrs. J. T. Hudgins signs of life were visible about the wreck
Interior & Exterior
Sans Cerkm nie
nilP	signs	of life were visible about the	wreck, Miss Marcella Hudgins spent Saturday
yvt.	tnj jt jg believed that	all on board	the ill-	visiting friends in Shawville.
Miss Lilly Nesbitt, who has been for the past few months in Ottawa W eat and Onslow, paid a flying visit to friends in Yarn» on her way home to Paikman.
Miss Lilly McJanet spent Sunday
with her parents.
, .	0 . .	.	, Miss Livina R)ss was the	guest of
vised	version of the	Scriptures	in the j	Mj|| F u McJanet Saturday	and Sun
churcher
4C
Now on hand a line rang of all kinds of........
SHAWVILLE
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
fated vessel must have perished
NORTH ONSLOW
Cook Stoves, Box Stoves, Parlor Stoves,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
IJAILIFF of THE .SUPERIOR COURT The Synod of the Diocese <-r Montreal, 15 snawvtlle. Que., respectfully solicits | R* recent session, passed resolutions ¦enzagementirorany busineasln counectlou w I til all Courts In the County. Collections
in ideandp-omptreturunassured
8 (
Mooney caught a fox in a trap .111 Saturday and blew its brama out with a slick of wood.
Mr. W. Alexander is drawing cedar posta to fence lua farm.
Mr. Grenville, Arnprior, preached in ; the Methodist church Sunday morning. Mrs. D. Welsh is seriously ill at pre*
Miss Charlotte Hammond is homo cn a
Mr. XV
M ANITA* TUBE I
in favor of deaconesses in the Church,
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRE>SED
LUMBER, &< A
U on*l made to older.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POlTLARPKItES
and giving women votes at vestry meetings. It also voted against the use of re
Vt price*? miming from
K
2 50 up
GENERAL

day
Note that :
Misses T. Ardby and EJna Hodgme drove to Onslow on Friday evening and
returned sa mo evening.
Quite a number of the young folks from here drove to < hislow Sunday and spent an enjoyable time, although it was rather cold.
McCREDIE&HODGIXS
Wm Wallace was stricken with paraly-
iSSzSS
of any kind taken amt disposed of by publia roacJmaeter on the C. P. U. Ho died the or private salt- on reasonable terms. Hub-lie sales conducted at Shawville once h following da) month. A variety of articles ahvajs on hand for sale: Office: Shawville, Que.
J. J. TURNER,
jf it’ ThU is tin* place to get the
PKK 'E for your
Hids> and Pelts. a> we whip direct to the large dealers.
1 sent
Estimates furnished
BIGGESI
visit
The Hornerite hall is almost completed and looks hue.
,	_	-	.	-, Mr. It. McArmitige has gone to the
The Archbishop of Ontario and Metro- Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Murray; also Mrs. ; shanty; a|ao Mr. It. Ireland and Herbert
politan of Canada, Kingston, has issued T. Mooney aud Mr. George Murray,	! IrelanU
a notice to all clergymen in the ecclesiaz- Onslow, spent Sunday with their sister, tical province of Canada to arrange for \]rgi Tom Hudgins, special prayer in behalf of the British Our merchant, Mr. J. Argue, ii doing arms in South Africa on Sunday, Feb. 11. quite a rushing business at present.
Quite a number of teams passed through here on their way up the Coulonge last week.
There was no service in the larm church or school Sunday, except Hornerite, and the weather was so cold there was very few at it.
Mr. Stuart Leitch paid a visit to larm last week and looked rather pleasant, and no wonder, as he is papa of another baby
Wylda Claire.
C. E. WAINMAN,
SHAWVILLE.
THE BOLL ELECTRIC CO
Mr. Jvsie Woolley is drawing logo to
Mr. Judd
Court Shawville,
No 216.
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes lu the morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, daily, Sundays In- iuded.
Thackray’s mill at the Chute also has quite a number of teams drawing to the same mill.
Mr. J. J. Rutledge’s horses ran away going down a mountain slide and upset their load of lumber on to the teamster, Mr. Fields. Ho received a few injuries. The horses were caught at Mr. C. McGuires.
Mr. Sol. Woolley had a little daughter arrive last week to brighten their home.
Mrs. Truman Draper, Bristol, spent a few days with her parents here.
Miss M. J. Major spent last week with friends in Clarendon.
Miss Janet Woulsey was visiting friends m Bristol aud has returned home.
Miss Maggie Ilutledge is home from the States on a visit to her father; also friends in Shawville.
Mis. W. Mooney is cn the sick list, but is, we are glad to report, able to be about again.
Mrs. J. Rutledge, sr., was very sick and is better and able to move about.
Quite a number cf the Ysrm young fo.ks accompanied Miss Lilly McJanet were here on Sunday, including Mr. D. Kelly, Misses Flora and Gertrude McJanet, Miss Lavina Russ and Miss Lilly Nesbitt, returning the same evening " alter the moon rose.’
tm f11
JHE
PORTAGE DU FORT
m
IM
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court d' <r* must be paid p -or'Vily every month.
\.siting brethren cordially invited.
H. 9. Barnett, F.S
A serious accident took place in the Calabogieiron ore mine on Saturday, when a man named Palmer, of Calabogie, woik-lng in shaft No. 4, was killed. Hisdeath was caused by a stone rolling down on him and crushing him so badly that he died.
His legs were broken and one arm was smashed. Palmer died an hour afterwards.
One Liberal paper remarks that Sir Charles Tupper and Sir Louis Davies have expressed identical rentiments on the matter of the Canadian contingent, the one in an interview at Ottawa, the other in hip address at Pt. Arthur. Sir Louis Dav ies, in ethet, isonSirCharlesTupfer’s Yarmouth p’atform. The forces the two represent will soon drive Sir Wilfrid Laurier out of his 41 permitted the men to enlist ” kopje.
If a girl prefer not to accept a young man’s suit she may freolv exercise h« r —-
— February Ladies' Home Journal camps, going as far as he Joachims
Mrs. Robt. Farrell and Mrs.
Moore left for Ottawa Thursday.
Mr. E T. Martin, of Thorne, was this
way Thursday.	'
1 am glad to state that Miss Lowe, of No. 1 school, is able to be about again.
A little girl, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Farrell, jr., fell agaii at a stove the other day cutting her head in a bad
Close connections are madr- with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
L.I3X
Roller Mill
W. R. TAYLOR
J. A. Cowan, R 9
Sec.-Treas
Hvgh Hobbs, C R
»!?!»!4 »!?
HOTELS
*
##»
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
#*#
boy
St. Lawrence Hall,
Stevens Rifles

OTTER LAKE A LESLIE
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Baral ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
H. Rogan, cf Alleyue, was
Mr. W here last Friday.
Mr. D. Lunam, lumberman, of Camp bell' Day, was up from his campon Cherry Creek, and reports a good season there, but complains of the scarcity of snow.
Mr. W. A. Moore has gone to the River
? <
fare guaranteed to be
First Quality Flour.
SAFE, SOLID. ;!
!
? «
g'T Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
ACCURATE,
PONTIAC HOUSE
ÜL
I
? <
V From the
H
> <

$6.00 “ Favorite” to our most expensive44 Ideal.”
%
? 4
JOSEPH BROWN,
ii
ft
Propriktor.
The “ IDEAL ” No. 44 is a fine rifle, i J < 0\£ OF OIK LEADERS, price only $10. \ | ! Ve gun <ntee it in every respect. Noth- * « j in] cheap about it but the price.	. «
4 Made regularly In .22. .25 and .32 cal- J | £ ?i;re rim-lire, .23-20 8TEVEX9* .33-10., , 2 .3«A 33 and. 4 # 40 renter-lire.	A
H SPECIAL SIZES, $12.00.	|
stamp for compete Catalog and	4*
Hand Book.


FOR SALE:
Zola
ran

A quantity of—
Boards Laths and Shingles.
ern
Mr. R. C. Miller, formerly editor of the Pembroke Observer, who has now a Government position at Dawson City, Yukon, haa returned to his home in Pern* broke, to spend a short time with his frienbs.
Mr. W. W. Ogilvie, the Montreal wheat king, who died suddenly a couple < f weeks ago, left an estate of $5,000,-
m
:
ï
rons
W
)


ii
New Chinese Emperor,
The Emperor Kwang Su, has signed an edict appointing as emperor in his place Put Sing, the nine-year old son of Prince Tuano. The new emperor will ascend the thro te on the 31st, of the month.
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO., 3
To PATENT Good Ideas
may be secured by our aid. Addreri,
THE PATENT RECORD.
Baltimore. Md.
P 0. Box 1311.
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS.
SHAWV.LLE, P.Q
(00
manner
PROPRIETOR
C. CALDWELL

###PAGE###6###
| BRITISH ARMY UNIFORMS.
AUTOMOBILES IN AFRICA.
plan: Select end pieces of two inch plank mix inched wide and eighteen inches long ; the side pieces should he of one-inch boards six inches wide and
being pieced together rapidly end stitched by machine, ell at the least possible coat.
The clothes are usually graded according to age instead of by size, and child who U I a 11	i live than
the- a 'em go for his years gets a mis-1 Into the advisability of introducing	I	—
fit. Hut even those whose size and | |l0r eless wagons to carry freight in	| lint	the	nuts felouml	kimkl	I»	lUeil	In
age	oft eu
The parent may notice that the child at oops ami emu be mad# to carry
itself erect. Soane one. perhaps the water-courses are not navigable. 1 he family physician, may suggest that the breach have already taken the inma-fruck is not loose enough, but the mo-, t|ye ,n seiu|jng automobiles to Africa	lain*	ltke	the martial imutio of	England
1st rs
to be proven the Congo State will probably follow their example.
«
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
he Home $
I lu1 Hertclet» Wagon It Wring Inf rodiirnl In ih«' Inferiors** Frelglii terrier.
A FAMILIAR SIGHT IN EVERY PART
OF THE WOULD.
The Congo Free State in inquiring
three foot long ; the bottom of two-inch plank. Be particular to have
ROUGH HANDLING
Apple Vudd ng—Pare and core half
good tight joiuta, and smear tin m
with pitch oo the inside. Take ail o do* good-a.zed tart apple*, or slice lug how* cause many breaks m » gg ol , % y ^ plank ten inches wile and them if preferred Take 2 cupa good
yields. Occasions are constantly «ris- two teet (our in. bee long. Ur vn ten «^ur milk two s|*><ms butter or hud,
•*« ,h"	>-*w"™ ~	%%%%=&% r —*	" “-d * w~* r
level teaspoon nodi, one teaspoon salt.
Careless and rough handling of lay
MunHi Ifrlra -Uwlfoi of llie I'niiiune llluhlmider*—Hie triifk <#H»ireum I.tumid-lln•*» «il ihr Kmnrl Unrrr«,
The military uniform of Great Ilrl-
thickly settled regions where white ettlemenis have been built andf the
needs to vxvrvi-e all his powers of lelf-restraint to keep from doing
it, a ml m holes box ed ai i he ( 01 m i i
insert pins eight and one-hall in. he# Siir in sifted flour enough to make a . Set this table in the center of good stiff batter; and lastly, stir in
ii - apple* if siloed if quartered, put coerced with rangement that will ho d quiie an	well-buttered basin, first a pvr-
araount of water, and have a pace 0 itter, then i layer of ipplee, four inches wide all around the ledge
thing', of which hv will afterwards l>e iong
i
world.
Hut tradition has outlasted .the red-
by running her hand under it.
Bui if the frock is removed and mea su:ed front and bick.it will be noticed that the in-a.su re mente over the chest and the hack are the same; in other words, the armholes are directly 1111 Nigei the contre, if the child a arms were also directly in the centre, the shirt tablespoon* sugar and one tablespoon or blouse would b<* an excellent fit;
flour stirred well together, into which but the child's anatomy is not so It is then transhipped to the railroad
|Miir one „.m boiling water; «tir un- "«Iwd, nature having .Dteoded that [ wh.vh competed as far aa Uadunbe _	.....	...	,	,	.	,	, , . m !ts chest should bulge out to rankf
It is bad |K>licy to move'a team out til entirely free from lumps Let noli room f(>r ,|,e jungSi while the back
of its natural gait, especially with a	ni notes, innove from the stne s}lou|j ^, fi{lt anj more or less rigid
—an, add a goneroua lump of miter Thfl <l(ft|C| o( tbi, wro„8,y	gar
.	t	îSïïrf SktSk I ~ EE ES
BVVI> t>i jwuuiiab.u nuu thequaiteis moving it, than to make two loads 1 '	the lungs are restricted, and then in- tlXl * 1	•	^	I	But	"Tommy11 exulta in hie gaudy
1 hey see ihu disturbance, but are un- culiar to each horse, and if he bo om . up sw< et milk, add one < u|	the fault U not remedied early.	. f	,	. its distinctive dress. Some of these
able to account for a. To abruptly vu- pressed beyond the 1 lu-t, fatigue fol- <ng water, and pour over one cup of specially in the case of a girl who is conceived the idea oi uim/u.g o- ^ ^ hftVe u,v;1 mado H0 famous toi a pen, to run just it, logo intuit i lows quickly, while within this limit oatmeal, stir for a moment, then ni-, noi inclined to b* a romp and a 'tom- mobiles.	. ..	, ,	wearers on
seating clothes diiiVr.mt from H o e great vuuurauce is pwsibif. To il-	]uW it. to become lukewarm. Add half buy" am! we may wish for their own	l ,tty-five	wagons, each	of	nine	or | >	1	,	A	1	.	,tl	,.	", .	...
a>u illy worn, ur carrying an untami- lustrale the puiut, lei a man attempt	' u , j .f a vva8t i'hysinil good that all growing girls	^	horse	1)oWer	with	a	maximum	kuropean and Asiatic	battlefiel	.
mmsm sass»
ble, unless it can be dune without will convince him of the fo.ly of at- «eat thoroughly and act in a warm and consequently tlie heatlh is not
iliii êÊEpp EilliiiSW
himdW.	KILLING WEEDS.	?w7'a,uan	or" on«mT»”y Trge	«£* of%'n'ol%rt!lf w^'7
'	! txuI-y ttl 11 ghl ’ “ot (augh ..ol It does not pay to make any fa He loaf.	'	gins to care how he or she looks, it
liiuc‘7 they 1 ca'n° bv var'rill8 Tn the mollons In hoping, e.-ro-ily if killing	Bwf Lo,f or Cheap Roaet.-Take two “^l!°wUh"shcm'lilere took" w ‘C to
hands, oue at a time,; or mmler the weeds is th« object. Above all du not	lbs lean beef, the tougher parts w II HUff(,’r t|„, mortification of wearing
mms, two at a time. XX hen, this mole eitbir cut off the leaves of a weed	do. Put in n chopp ng bowl and chop wre.tch«lly fitting clothes.
V iiing is too tedious, the nans-	w anow	others	to do t-o	tvfore	fine, or run through a sausage mill.
genl h nulling the bad effort,of mor-	" >»«	"ant 10	kl11 lt>	An eighth of a pound of fat pork alao
lug are diminished. During the mi-	XVe had	a hired	man once	who	elm: ped f ne, one quart rolled craek-
lural laying season laying*hens are	persisted	in sjiie	of all we	could	er, work all together in a bowl, season
influenced by disturbances than iell him in sinking twice with bis	with salt, pepper, sage and onion. Bind y*steçlny. He—No wonder
hoe to destroy a weed, just at the ear-	together with two eggs, make into Why? He—You shouldn't purse your
,ace of the ground, cutting otf all the	loaves and hake, basting often. This j^kA
3VSS.'î'hiSS"“.‘"S; L"T.Ï1>* •
zz,tz,	:”r
CK>mmeud it. For this purpose iu is	form li ra, but	without effect.	He was	11 ' ’11 ebl?s, time tablespoons snur	baud'f Mrs. Biggs—Oh. I simply feed
well to use for ‘fillers* such varieties; too stupid to	know how	to handle	a	m Ik in each one teaai>oon soda has	him well and trud tu luck.
as bear young and hvav ly liku the	bue' says an cxchange*	bwn dissolved, half teaspoon each of	Clcrk-Did you say you wished lo
,,	*	* *	.	*	...	. .	----?-----	ground cloves, ground cinnamon,	ave wine glasses, madam? Madam, j port
iÏ—V.C;	«*.	sskus ...........
1rs* can be rem^vod when they begin	...	. „	to >e baked n a loaf. Raisins chopped
to crowd Ibe other trees. '	*..*	TrÜ" Mu>l"d |W ,lle >m if de"
This practice, however, has nut ao
the trough, and you will have an nr
Hens can be very aggru
rating, and cannot I gentle force or mildly corrected as miKsi domestic animals are. A threat-
coat, at least as a service uniform, It
The F re ich nOW have a I ne of
talions «long the upperXn.il middle | l,ein«	it offer, too good â
target to Boer riflemen. " Tommy Atkins'* wcni one style of unifrom, gaudy and effeminate in its display of color and fanny trappings, in hi* home quarters, and quite a different garb when he faces the Afrikander sharpshooters. In South Africa * gets into dust colored khaki, and even daubs a dull red paint over his leather belt so as to look as much as possible
nd repeat until both a re used, put-i ! mi which fowl* may drink wi bout , ,	, layer of batter last. Steam three
suing movement, though carried no having a chance to get into, the hours.
fut her, ml often_put every hen in a trough. It le better than fountains
which become cracked In winter when the water freezes.
3 re i g lit for these elation# is arrieil on small steamers up the fciene-
A Good Sauce for Budding: Take 4
gai to the head of navigation at ixaye^
pen in a bad state of flight, in. a long continuous buu e the panic runs iik 1 wildfire from pen to t en. A disturb-mee of any k.nd measurably af.ects the egg y mid.
The poultry keeper who is most) u oovivo knows that a dog or other un-•uin iar animal, or a bevy ut visiters,
DON'T ilVRHY HEAVY HORSES
about forty miles, and from that point puiters carry it to thei^uger, and are about two weeks on the journey
Tlie
load. It is lav letter to put on a
like a bit of dust of the valdt
ern costumes.
This is true of the rather flnloky
tails ut construction au 1 they have
been a^ fully adapted tot the pe ul ar
londitiuiib ul the service as is possible I uniform of the various Highlanders—
at pie eut. They are now being enl Argyll and Sutherland and the fam-
tu Senegal mni will tak^ then plates on the lûmes between tbq upper and	......
middle Niger and the termiuui ol ihe kilt may look ridiculous, in this age, i ail road. It i, expected to send every | hut	' ‘
from h	^
four to lea of these wagons, each able to carry about 4.ÛU0 pounds of freight.
One ol the wagons will have at com modation lor a dozen passengers.
ll is intended to keeB the routes in good condition tor travel, but during
the rainy season the service will be
uspemlvd, because the roads will then I dress that it is imitated by troops In
bo aiiiiti t uupassable. It will take j England in Australia, and in Canada, on ly l u ly to ( over the distance between the railroads and tho river.
A the railroad advances the automobile route w ill be shortened, and «fier I their "petticoats,' tangled in the barb-
Lbe completion ol the railroad the wag- | ed wirtv< at Magersfontoin. on» will lie transferred to the other side ol the Niger, which will bo coure ted by automobile route* with such im|>oitant pluies as tiikasso,
Say and othei towns m i he rich west-1 wellian organization, and ia remetn-ern Soudan, where the pnmiiive port- he red as the regiment of Infantry un-erage ervive is .still the only means of j der General Monk that was received transiHirt. It is said the new trails- i ,nto the King's service at the restoru-MMvive will be much cheaper (ion of the Stuarts in IGiK). Only two
human porterage, and that a i regiments were thus honored ; the oth-deat of cotton, skins, gums, er being the Earl o£ Oxford's reg.ment,
The
The
ous Gordons and the Seaforth
IT IS HISTORIC.
It comes from the days of Rome, and Wordsworth satirized its use in hie
day in his familiar line:
The Roman kill degraded to a toy. So popular is this peculiar military
FUNNltitUMS
She—I had a kiss stolen from me
She—
The Boers call the Highlanders "wo-men-men," and laughed when they got
at other times
GROWING ORCHARDS
One of the most famous bodies of soldiers in the British army is the Cold-Kong, I stream Guards. It is on old Croui-
gtv.it
e> and other articles that cannot I now the Royal Horse Guards now be transported will he taken to i Coldstream Guards is one of the crack European markets when this cheap-1 corps of the imperial arms, and has
cr service is luirly established
juice glasses.
jMainm:i—Did Mr. Smiddlo #ay any-
thing that leads you to think that be
,	,	, . „	. intends to propose? Daughter — lie
teisjxjon soda, level full, salt, equal	md if (.here was a mortgage on
jKtr s flour, sifted, and gralmni to make tin* houve.
been distinguished by gallant service the Continent and recently in Egypt. Its usual uniform is aufficent-ly showy, with a red or white jacket that is conspicuous from afar.
The Scotch Low landers wear gaudy tcrtan trousers, or *' tews," hut the five regiments of Highlanders wear a still more conspicuous uniform oo-rhirteen professors, representatives listing of kilts of the regimental or
*' sporran,"
the trapping that dingles from the
—	.	. n	belt, stockings and white garter». In
rights of I »* Ihitiah au<i Hon in ^^th^y we<ir no breeches, fol-
Sooth Africa, sa despatch from
Cambridge, Mass. Uf this number
nine strongly supported Great Bri-
Numerous accident^ occur annual \ much to commend it as many' believe, ^ lh# uae o( gaa (or ligblillg, cook.
fvi the reason tl.ui the ground he
(in ha ms.—Two nips buttermilk, one
on
ing or heating, through either cure le.ssness or ignora n e
tween the trees can he u ed' for other
'Inc largfst ft very stiff dough. Drop into oiled You had better swear off on tobacco.
number of accidents, probably, o cur tins. If less flour is used, making PH bhow you a man of i iuety who has
t ' ' :ii of t fa nner 1 «tter, shorten w th two tablespoon lard, and hake in patty pane in hot oven.
WANT A BRITISH VICTORY.
purposes in growing crops which Will pay nearly if uoi quite so well as ap-
froru ignorant persons either blowing out the gas or turning it ol£ and subsequently turning the cork on suifi-
hiin Ainerlcin l*rofr««*or» Kxpreit Very Siren a
never smoked in his life. Fetch around; I'll show you a man of ninety, eight who has smoked all he wanted
Besides, when such croie ns
p.es
corn and potatoes are grown between the trees there is not s<# mui h injury loue to the apple trees a - when other ' thinly for the gas to escape unnot
apple trees, or pi.arh tree
O lllto.l-.
Dewey Candy.—White one egg. one spoon water, stir in confectioner's su-
to
of the Harvard faculty, were recently interviewed on the question of the
Don’t you know, she chirped over her gar till thick enough to handle, flavor teacup, that you remind me of the
to suit the taste with lemon or vanilla, bread mother u el to make. ol the bad practices oi turning down I take a am ill sixmnful roll into flat- jolte iu new form .staggered him
bed tened ball and put half an English wal- __1U ^hat wayi he gasped nut meat each side.
Salmon Croquet tes.—One can cf salmon, as mindi cold mashed potato, as
iced, says Ctisslei *s Magazine
ire
gi own.
li may seem a long time to wait for returns from an apple orchard when trees are planted tid to 40 fiet i
Many other accidents are the result
The old
low ng the national custom.
The Nonhuraherland Fusiliers have been heard from in the Boer war, where many of them have been captured and many killed. They wear a red rout and bearskin shako.
It has been demonstrated that the English are deficient in cavalry and artillery. The cavalry still make large use of the lance, and many regiments are known as lancers. The uniform of the lancers consists of a blue tunic, with plastrons and facings, and shoulder straps of various colors, red and yellow waist sashes, with blue
and feather plumed helmets. The Fifth Banners have red facings
and green plumes.
There are two kinds of artillery-horse and field. The uniform of the Royal Horse Artillery consists of a dark blue jacket, with red collar and rich yellow braiding on the breast, fur " busbies " shakoes, and horeshair
plumes.	^
The uniform of the Royal FieJd Artillery is similar, except that the men wear cork helmets, covered with dark blue cloth, and surmounted by a yellow roetaJ ball.
In
^ art, a tfas flame, particularly iu a
but if cheap laud is u-od and such room. Ttiis ia always ill uUv.s.d, lor
crops grown as will succeed on the sUlq turned down flame may he
so.l the expense of gioxxii.g an »,p e eilber b;owu oul Uy u draught of air on h ir.l is not >o great u.^ may seem
on the whole, it i-> generally m< n at isfactory to start with the intention of be extinguished Uy u sudden v.trial.on
m k ng the apples the main crip, and j>r r».dux tiou in the pressure
g: >w corn and potatoes bvt w i the
trees as long as they can bo successfully grown, and then give tho entire kud up to trees. Then when the proper time comes tho orchard may i e seeded to gra>s and pastund with slicep or hogs, or the grass cut between the rows and thrown around trees as a mulch. The grass m%y be cut and thrown around the trees in June or July and the orchard pa>tur-ed during the latter, part of the sca-
W by, you
arc su crusiy
JVIy proudest boast, declare 1 tlie 1er- 1 Iain's claims, and the remaining four, xvho expected his statement to ; two of whom are connected with the
of the univer-
lurer
you have salmon, season with on on, j be greeted with cheers, is ihui l was I German department salt, iN*pper, m x with a little cream one of the luci Leimia ihe gun->! How aity, are pro-Boer, or raw egg, form n o little cakes and mnuy miles behind? piped u voice When fry a nice brown. Nice for lunch
from au open window, ur eoe it may
Prof, do ^umielinist, head of the French department in the university, said:—"The war, m my opinion, was deliberately hi ought about by the Transvaal Government, which, ever since the ret i u. cssiuu, entered upon a policy of having for its object the ultimate exclusion uf the British
from the gallery.
Bill I’d like to be a mind-re:uler just
tibia happens tu a btmall bed mom without ventilation
lheru i* great SUGGESTIONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS
XV liai s' up? Sec thaï high-hat
swell iu de crowd? Well, he keeps on put tin* his baud over ins heart. Has keeper's linen closet, is six pairs of he gut heart trou ne or is clere a wal-
wheels, as many pairs of pillow slips, *et ou ioaide pocket.
now
danger ul espnyxiatiem, parthu.any
A good outfit for the young house
8U ii water gas is used. Much can ho dune to avert this danger by a proper urraiigoineuL of the gas piping in
t ro"" srs
two dozen bedroom towels, four bath Here’s to the man so wouderously
towels Turkish, three tablecloths a ml Another dangerous custom is to napkins to match, and a dozen fruit shut oft the gas ul the main seivne napkins. This is a good beginning, hut or at tiie gas meter during the. u g.it, (Jf such things one can never have too ui numerous accidenta, eume ui tuem many.
It id al
houses
The
from t lie whole of South Africa
was the Jameson raid
polite
Thai he will stand with Hindi g ever | idea that it bright
And listen to the anecdotes which bore
And never say, I’ve heard that yarn before.
which impelled the Transvaal to arms
is frivolous. The arming had been going on for years. A final proof of Boor pivmedi.ation is T-uinl in the fact that I tv Orange Free State, which had absolute^ im quarrel with Britain.
to col ge bas i ughi you little of threw in its lot with the Trsnu i." good. You are going the wrong way i jual saw you coming out ul saloon.
a saloon going the
q dad? Bui tipi father was sil- wha: in the long run tends in a civilized and an orderly government."
Prof. Moi gun says:— ‘1 hot* that the Bri i-di will be spee.il y and thoroughly victorious, because 1 believe that into Laty.sunt h pefore wherever Bri ish institutions are •
vas 1 11 11 shed h > « i e est lished for t h# Veil, i veesh 1 v> go ul of the whole world."
Pro! i h mmng. of i hr historical da» {•arimtnt sail:—'1 have no sympathy Twenty-five for 1 h‘‘ P°e»*s. They are fighting not
can gi t them down ai Schmidt’s for I Transvaal. The promise of naturaliza-20 cents. Butcher—\ ell. de.i, vy lion was an illusi in, and hedged round didn't y erf Customer—Because he wus with so many restrictions that the oui of them. But ch»;r — \ ell, und if Transvaal (ioverntnvnt could at any if I was oui of ’em 1 sell ’em fer 20 time make ii invalid.” cents, too, aindt it.	Prof. Wendell said:—'My sympathies
Arc you engaged? said a gentleman ' ' ' ' ul*' 1 ll«' English, because I believe
that in the struggle for political existence, inevitably locoine, the real con-
son
fatal, have resulted from it most equally b.ud to turu off the gas at the meter during the day.
Not wit hsi.'u Ung ih • uniTersftl mir»-
du lion of gas ligating, th.re are still course be inferred from the reply many persons who wuuid be benefited which followed
receiving paiin instructions on g()()d enough for rooking, ain’t they?’
and the public by paying more at ten- a8 *l 111,111 ’ r ^at l^ere should >e no
lion to this mutter statistics may be found numerous in
cidents of death or	accidents due to	that	isn t	good	enough to	eat, isn i
faulty management	of gas. Aiuoiig	good	enough to	cook w.th.	Custards,
t he more remote causes the writer ( :lkes, puddings, etc , often taste unfinds the following mentioned:	In pliantiy bec.-qise of the stale eggs
%,-Wirva %% tefSs ;»c'L *5
zrx-rtr ssre SHSfat SEffSIS
w hen there	is	no	ru	h	off	other	work.	(1(Me hls &;ls burner	1 he occupant of	eggs	p \H well to avoid	this class
When	the	time	comes	that	we eau	, tho » ntng room	ime home lat.* at
1 night, dropped a coin in the slot of the gas meter and got a fresh; supply of gas, which meanwhile also escaped in the. adjoining room, killing the occupant.
Escape of gas and explosions have nIso happened in the use of gas-cook ing stoves, where bui.ing water, run-
The in an ordering ha day's supplies of groceries by telephone, inquired : ” Got any eggs ?” The answer must of
MANURE WASTED IN THE BA BN
YARD.
Young man, 1 am afraid your going
I have estimated that thetre is manure enough wasted in the average barnyard ev, ry year to keep from one to three acres of ground in fine fer-ti ity several years, and farmers with whom I have talked agree with me. w rites John Ci ami erlain I hi* s not u matter of saving labor, either, but is a grea( wa>te of labor. The manure should go to the tieid as fast as it is unde. By this system it saves at least one handling and does nut
• - Prof Hurt, of the histoiicul de|*urt-i mem remarked :—“The English are You tiou’t call coming out. of doing | iv vilely w hat the United States
wrung way, do does under the circumstances, and
Oh, well, they're
by
BITTER
eut
Mrs Bragg—We gave our daughter a piano for her 18 h birthday. She was playing on it this afternoon. Did you hear her?
Mrs Nexdore—Yes, poor girl; she stubbed her toes on the keys, several times, didn’t she ?
Ymong available each thing as < iking eggs
m t Ii hi " niukmg l ui teiAn • r
any
Dit you notice, I key, dot dose Boers fired yon bounder, uni sefeniy-see shells
u'glock iu der morning? Yes. I chust reading it «1er », Xy so? It ma*t be .a crate place for dor scrap iron peezness.
Cost omv r
XV hat!
BOER CAUTION.
The Diggers’ News says the delay in the occupation of Mafeking is caused by euapicirm that dynamite m n« s have been laid on the outskirts and inner circles of the town, and that the section of the town which iu occupied by the female population and the Red Cross und ambulance organizations is offering concealment to a large body of British troops.
of desserts in winter.
A well known grower of garden and
muster courage to rebuild our .stables, they will be put all iu a single lino, with a feeding floor adjacent and the stable floor will be of cement, having a gentle slope to a water-tight carl that can be. barked under the, floor.
This is the only way to save all the
manure and do it at minimum cost.	,
The difficulty with us at present is ning over the vessel, extinguished that it is a hardship to tear down and 1 (ie flame. It has already been men rebuild stables that are as good as the I tinned that the so-called independent old style calls for. it would pay to do 8** connections with two keys may it, though, right away. Let him who	to accidents by the wrong one 1 e-
builds anew look into the case and he ! tinned in mistake. Where the g is
in the cellar freezes in winter time, it is dangerous to attempt to thaw out the gas meter or service with n flume. A gas meter should never b* examined with a burning light, nor should any tools be used near a gas meter known to be leaky, on account of the danger of flying sparks.
flower seeds says : "The richest put of all really good squashes being close
to the shell or skin, cut the squash he-	, ,	,
iSSEUEilpS
fact may be known by the condition	an<1 mortified you .g man, are ,hsaa fr to the ideals of law and of
you going to throw rno over for that morality, which are the foundations dull prosy old Soraggsf Mr. Spoona. °* our own national existence.** more, freezingly replied the young man, rising to signify that the inter, view was over. Mr. Scraggs may not be as poetical as you are. but he rhymes with me. and you don't!
CENTENARY OF ELECTRICITY.
"Electricity as we know it" is Just
100 years old. In 1799 the Italian
scientist Volta gave definite form to the method of producing the current, and it ia from his name that we have the term "voltmeter" to describe the instrument which measures the force of the current, and "volt " as the unit of that measurement.
which will harden and shrink close to the squash "	'
will discard ihe old stable without hesitation. "As dirty as a tarnyard/ the phrase is a very old one, but it has never bixiught about any reforms. The barnyard is as dirty as ever. Let us make a new phrase, "As wasteful as a barnyard," and then maybe something will be done.
wo-
SPREADING HAPPINESS.
1 have but one rule that 1 follow absolutely in this life, and that is to mike other people as happy as possible.
Well, she replied, you ought to be gratified, then, at what 1 beard# a young lady say the other day.
What was that?
She said that whenever she saw you dancing she had to laugh.
CHILDRENS CLOTHES.
An English surgeon calls attention to the great discomfort, or actual injury, caused by ill-fitting garments worn by a growing child. Clothing for young children is usually made in large quantities at a time. All the garments of the lot are cut after a fixed pattern, the different parte
A MAN OF BREEDING
She—You are the most exasperating man on earth. Hefe I scold you for half hour, and you wen t answer. Why don’t you talk?
He—l never use strong language in the presence of a lady.
THE SltZE OF IT.
How do you like your new house ? Well, it's what might be called oozy.
Has It a wide yard ?
About e yard wide.
QUEER ACTIONS.
First Horse—Just look at that au-mobile !
Second Horse—I should say sol The clumsy l>eost is getting ready to roll.
A TROUGH FOR WINTER.
To make & convenient trough in Which to keep the water for the poultry nice and clean, use the following
an
0 *

###PAGE###7###
JOTTINGS ABOUT TIE STAR

r
*'r ,|o#H lhe girl appear to be leaning	MÀV IPAD fïlfl	i DIP Iff AD	i Austria-Hungary is a hot-bed of
ov«r the balustrade on the lookout for	JjJAI JjÜjAU 111	A Bill If Alii	CsusW? that may issue iu, at any rale,
anyone. Hut pause a moment, and	/	civil war. Luum Uutitmi s iamous
presently you will discern a faint	""""""	language ordinance, allowing tbe use
black line wandering up the expanse ENGLAND IS BURDENED WITH THE of Czech in Bohemia and Ai ora via, led of while stucco wall, and then the	LION’S SHARE.	to muet violent scenes in the Austrian
whole puzzle is Holvedt These two	_	Parliament, and provoked bitter con-
l lie custom o 1 111 > sufficiently near you might possibly	****** ,le br; M»ily Inflamed im« , Hungary, a Iso, the Kohhui bite party
ing on a courtship, under the window catch an indistinct murmur of voices. | n*r*	Is working unceasingly to sever the
f vm'*- mistress, as often as not, too, He certainly very constant^ I had Plunged, as Britain has been, into a connection, slight as it is, with A us-
- w't ffswwTMtt *"	r " sx
ants. i« entirely the correct thing. In ico waH tUvn Him()lky illun,lat(M, ,vilh may be interesting to bestow a pass- „ult ifl war. eDy other country this would be flirta- water, and the rain on that pàrtiuilar in*f K,an00 ni other existing causes
carried to an extreme, but not so evening was simply coming down in that may lead to war in which she 1	..
in Mexico. Where custom sanctions	^‘thMeTphone'	'‘rhor^he	b“°me invulvetl‘	. NUnH“ of Lunn^il'u/,,
there Is nothing inure to be said; and was as usual sheltered in a service- 0,1 tht) dominent the general un- whau similar piccuumcuL. The Noi-fter (ln 1l seems to he in the very air, ahie-looi ing waterproof. The rain wa- Pression seems to be that John Hull wegiar dem md for gieaier indexed.....................ESEs“rrH5'SS
nil toil anything like	the freedom their	pU,|,iU,. Such heroism surely deeerv-	"rxpe'UHons,” not	altogether in the	ought) repared for it. Norway, if
fortunate sister, in England and	«<l «mal eacrifioes ..n the part of the	interest of science,	afoot somewhere	slice, setuf would declare i.self a rebalcony, loo; but not a bit of it. The or other.	public but ho, h countries doubtless
th. country, as every one knows, wae in- ,„r I	1)Ve. the rail of the K"«lan,) * relations with Oermany. lolol the quarrel and probably “at-
in •, moat terribly unsettled stale. Uo ha I ony an i In b,tween the half closed «»***“ »"'• trance wlihln moat recent « h anutb. r I inland or two to the
eee™ mm?mi ebhehv mi^
rounding wall» of many of the haclen- pretty near the truth	person again
dlH. These walla are In some cases ^ ‘uUmeî^happl down' ioopholcd (or musketry, home of th.-se his pUl|<1|<( ()f wa,er ,,m, wet mackin-
THE RECORD OF A HERO
1 npiTlriiw of Sir llrurgf In the Auntrulla 11
llrwrrl.
An explorer's life is of I on o gfine record of determination, seJf sacrifice and indifference to dangtar. Seldom, however, does one hear a story jpiore heroic than that of an expedition undertaken in Australasia by Sir George Grey, who afterward became one of the ablest colonial governors in the British service. Here is the story,
ITEMS THAT WiLL BE READ WITH INTEREST AT THIS TIME.
Ilir Rôti un the HullIcAchl mimI Tl* «Ne »n ilielr W ny i„ ih, f.ipe—hel In Ciolur «h In Sunil» liricH mid I litwhrrr,
Fifteen officers and 120 non-commissioned officers and men of the Trinidad Volunteer Light He* e and
Infantry have volunteered for active ervice in South Africa. The whole colony fs most eager to prove its loyalty and take a part in the struggle.
A grocer ut Boole, who informed a
tu turner that all the Jiritisftg eoldiers
ought to be hung, veiy quickly had his
shop mobbed by 1,0,0 people, in spite of the police protection afforded him, a b-uejai ket managed to get in, and, jumping over the counter, gave h.m a black eye.
Alter LlawMaagte two troops oftiie
Imperial Light Horse were ordered to
occupy a r m ill house beyond the ridge. A they approached they were lned at, but their captain would not allow thorn to rei uni t he fire, fearing that women and children might be in, the hou e.
A large quanliiy or ammunition has in y ter ou ly disappeared ft om the J< r ey Ordnance Department. Some persons incline to connect ibis loss with the sailing of a reputed American "hip, which put in to refit, and then sailed tu France to load "potatoes" for South Africa.
According to the Novoe Vremya, the
English Government has bought 1,' 0(1
horses for cavalry remounts in South
ern Russia. They will he shipped from Odessa this week. British agents a/e now in the Government oLjkieff buying up another 2,0JO kor es, and' are offering lût) apie e for good ones.
On the guardhbip at Simonstown is
one old Doer of 63. AU Llamdslaagim
lie shot five of the Highlanders dead
one after the other. At last one of them reached him as he was ie-loading and pub bis bayonet against his breast, "Kill me," said the old Boer, "I am satisfied with having killed five of you rooineks.' Dut the Highlander spared aim.
For their splendid dish tib Talana
Hill, the Dublin Fu-dlier» have been chi i tened "The Fighting Devils."
Numbers of Deifast firms have inft-
in fact, (he German A us-
lions
these people
In
told by his biographer.
Sir George had arranged to make/ a depot of eu| plies on liernietr Island, and had then continued his explorations. A terrible storm came up, and as the food supply was g.ving out, the party returned.
Sir George had a dread lost I he gale
SCANDINAVIAN TROUBLES
might have ravished the stores in his absence
m vr
Amertoa enjoy. Here again, there is a ¦¦¦¦for this. In former days
Accordingly he took only one or two of his people with him, and went, full of anxiety, to the spot where the provisions had been buri-
giiod reason
ed
"0 God, we are all lost !" That was the wail for Sir George's ears, as the spade made it clear that the food s u f > h ul been s atterai by the storm. It was almost the pronouncing où the sentence of death upon the party, in a desert Country and lar lruin c v.ii/a-Lion.
Russia was check- f he Czar has consolidated his power
in Manchuria and made Port Arthur imi régna hie, his influence in Korea llie will be re-established, and the rising
=======	r=„E==» isgpïHS
SMmm
Thu* were feudal day», and the great J“a8iu*	»" 1 »>« 8°'n« wh,rh "".uualy threatened to .re- uf c,„ ral Am. rica"-I,aa fade,, to
...... .....* —-	te ;;:r ::r;k
£ zTZTJXrzz FT r;::,:n,a:Ter.......................... **	*,*» «-^aut-easa n a
dh* of the road a little further away question will also be.	"revolutions" will occur again and
. .	wlth	his nighi	lantern shining bright-	England's attitude during the war	again, until	the United States, hnv-
an r ®an	| ^	S,,|nds	muffled up in iiis cope	with Strain, which did much to pre-	ing tighten el thtirgiipon the Nicara-
....—-"" "™ ....
young man know each other well to Don, has made war between Uncle les8 region
Sam and John Bull Improbable for The Spanish republics in South America in the formation of which England played so great a part—not politically but financially—have always been in a chronic state of unrest,
Port Arthur seemed at the time like- and are in re,aIi y as far off an as!	ly to issue in v. ir ; but a ui ire effec-	sure i peace	is ever* Argentina and
"One	of the	things I have learned	live bar tier against Russia was erect-	Î lu,‘\ huv?.’	however, referred their
in the course of myl experience" said ed by a «impie declaration that the ("“ai "ri hi in"'’ IV, u %« 'oev'Trc-the middle-aged man, "is that-jaiuple Yang-tso Valley— the largest, richest, covered from the ( hilean "visitation’* don't like 10 have you ask, Is tyour ; most populous and accessible part of uf 1881 ; while Bo.ivii, thrust back clock right?’ This is a question that	the Chinese Empire—was within the	frol“.	’i,e MM!’ ^:lS aH,a,eu‘ly cooled
wo put to a great many people, and	—exclusive sphere of British influence,	(jPfln	snowfields<H*^* ¦¦¦
it i- more nr less annoy mg to most and it was an international surprise But these countries and Brazil are
not really republics. They are simply oligarchies un 1er military dictators, each one of whom is the cause
something unusual; but, as a rule, British railway and mining ounces- 0f a "revoiu ion." These “Trans- Sir George from the others bepgmg, mo t men think well of their clocks,	sionulres, and the vetoing of the pro-	vaals	of South America" do not, how-	when	discovered, "Ye	, we	two	may be
and they re>ent the question more or	i-osed Russian railway to Peking, ren-	evtjr:	attract the Anglo-American in	caved	if	we	go on;	the	others	are so
I... i„ U..I,	.1.1., -c't.. w„d d., „	..«to» U..I ««tor	rWgtefK'"* ""	**“¦¦ a' c” ” '
attempt to partition China will lead Vnitec States is likely to be involved.
France on the Ni-
poor man, mated in China
below in gftr was persuaded to "quit it;
"i hadn’t an hour to lose,"
G601 ge say», "su Lack we humud delivered the news, loun el.mg cairn nes > and com a g to make Berth in the whale-boats. It was a lorloru chance. '
The bouts stiaiued in a boisterous
Sr
Wo must endeavor
sea, and uit imateiy flung the voyage is ashore turee bund rod m les lroin 1er.h—t. r e hu idred miles of a parched, barren waste.
For a little while fair progress was made, ih. u strength dbcLued through want oi food and water. Sir George sought courage and consolation in the doj eared New Testament which lie had in his knap, at k 1 ho hymns bis mother had taught him tamo back into by head and h« art, true com. or vers.
A small company only were fit to travel. Sir George pushed on with t he e in oidier to send back relief to those unequal to the sally, ft was the perishing to the rescue.
A bird, shot, was welcome as inanna from heaven, and a muddy water hold was I he sweetost of discoveries, was eagerly licked from shrubs
len, syes wild, and the hope e-s cry lured held up hi gun and said : ‘ Louk : "Water, or we die 1"
The native guide schemed to lead
The
•lr:	aganst armed Invasion
roads were unsafe
end
Is it surprising then that under circumstances the Mexicans should have learnt to guard their women safely within the walls of their haciendas' Besides, apart from the danger of bandits and robbers, which have always existed, the history of this country has been one long succession of merciless revolutions, party against foreign interventions, and so forth. War and revolution do not certainly bring with them much security for wo-Moreover it must be remember-
sight
some time at least
IS YOUR CLOCK RIGHT?
The conquest by railroad of Manchuria by Russia, and the seizure of
Nome ObHcrvMtliHh	by Till* Tre*
«I nr it 11 y Keiiraleil Query.
mated to the leading Fans bouses that Dew then patronage of them will toe < ur-and 11iled as far as possible.
After Elandslaagte one of the cap-
men
ed that these customs have an even
of them. 1 have seen men resent it that Russia acquiesced*
with a stare, though that would be The effective support since given to
through this. J have not fired a shot, I <ini a Britisher. They funed me to crime."
The people are Spanish
older origin and. therefore, to a great extent Moor-
ish. It is undoubtedly a fact that several of the oldest families in Mexico
One of the most important posts on Lord Methuen's staff is that of signalling officer ; and it is filled by r ne« of the gallant young fellows in the service, a son of Lord Loch.
A French woman at St
Port, Guernsey, put up in her shop
en offensive French cartoon of. the Queen. Threaten.ng crowd assemb ed, and she was quickly made to lemove
to-duy have a strung Moorish strain, handed down in all probability by Andalusian ancestry. Andalusia, as most people are aware, retains in a most
cocked his gun, and the guide led him back to the party.
A blistering thirst of three days and two nights! Happily, a water-hole not bereft of moisture was found in the nick of lime, A few birds flefw about it, but Sir George's hand/ shook so i hat lie could take no aim.
How good to lie down and rest for- . in the parched grass 1 Yet the
or manner
"Doens’t every man think his own wai with any European Power.
In the Indo-Chinese peninsula, Siam
Peter's
watch la a good timekeeper?
marked manner many of the old Moor- .4^	^ may be a cheap watch ihat *s U0VN l^e only "buffer
Ish customs and traditions. The Moors co t
He
FRENCH IN SOUTH AFRICA.
state be-
lt), or or #1, but he thinks tween England and Trance
France
11 hy *o Hi ny Gallic .tame* Are to lt« Fourni In Un* l:oer K* publie.
We are, accustomed to look upon the
....	i. ,b„ ur
' to be, hut each min' thinks he's got and still remains in possession of i he
pari of the country, and many a dark
aim n 1-r-ye.l Andalusian Bettor its, lan- the still; ram ble exceptional important Siamese part ui Chanta- : Boers as being entirely of Dutch ex-
|
the heavily barred Moorish window, is ^ore, the bakery or the butcher's, by would certainly be regarded by deed, there are French name i among Sir George staggered ai ross
us thoroughly an Oriental type as any they all re ent the question, Is your England as an "unfriendly act."	them still, such as Joubert, Do Vil-
you will see in the East. One Moorish clock right?'	.	POSSIBLE CONFLICTS. lienif Duplessis, Dutuit, ltoux and
The question implies m some \ague The possible transfer in the near fu-indcfuute way the i lea of an asMimp- (uro of Italy's cusily and unprofitable tion of ruperiority on the part of the colony of Eritrea, on the Red Sea,
a M-rvani. This is certainly not Span- que tionrr, for does it not suggest Boast, tu England, or its annexation j French blood in their teins. How did ish or Mexican, but entirely Eastern. inferiority, at least on the part of the i0 tDt* Anglo-Egyptian Soudan Profile manner in which u love affair other mans clock? and no man likes vince, may i-ossibly result in conflict
is quite est ing, and In U.	h Menelik, i he Abyssinian,
this, as in every other matter in Mex- should ask the question idly, not at of Dis turbulent satraps, but this will Huguenote who settled m South Al’n a he said, "she looked so surprised h it j \\e tmiuster Gazette ioo, there is a tight and a wrong way a If, in fa t, unless something really be "pie for England.	long ago. The actual colonization of I feared she m ght run away. How-
irstSiS &Z:	sss'VE-È rtisrs /sr•assrw:85."ss8 — *"*•-,-	...................... .
and the girl is quite accidental. Posai- you to know, then you may ask and force into the Bahr-el-Uhazul—Emin vvben a small tolony titled un fable pHjng tojqi sh«. brewed Sir George, the sensation weeping duwn through Lid bly he is passing in Lhq street and sees this time you'll find the question will Pasha's old province—that rich and Day and at Cni>e Town. This colony I most delicious cup of tea he ever a,m- laeie «*. nu pam, no lee-mg ui her at the window. Mutual interest not be rehen ted."	I fertile territory which Man-hand's was founded by an officer of the L'mch I drank. Soon relief to th* expedition , **. but be beg. ns tu l eel stupid,
is aroused, and then there you have	_«.- march to Fashoda was designed to K . i.idii Comuauv	waa >currying across the plains.	'fua Lhere ls u 8lrauge s ug * in
the commencement of as pretty a	ctdanp.f FOUNTAIN	bring under the aegis of France, and „	"	,	.	/'	,	At the out met of his journey Sir	biseais.
courtship as you could wish for. and	b 1KAINUL lUUNlAlN,	thus complete the French belt right ihe population ul the young colony G(wrge h.,q bad h;s sextant, but. hav-	%atal contributes in all i.'28,VOJ per
une that is thoroughly Mexican.	- across Equatorial Africa from the increased but slowly, and was prob- j jng fr> wnlk hungry nnd thirsty, he	h \h lestv's oavv and 1m-
JlrUkSAZLsûtes       8*SS^ZULAA.% *"?	....... i... .»• -
sEsssrSsjsf -"EHE ipnaas Er E	| es I'kSSBH iisâaE
sf1SiSïï'iSEs ! r,"'fkzs.	«n 1.-ss et? strïf; r r:	..atî-syrrr^src
Rtrisassts-as-e — -	a	ssl: ZZsrz ------------ ss rwiA-v»
to wnd her hi» curd accumimnied by strange to see t.at .ro i» and large In France, continued to poae a, titular madfto eull	ot these to South HOW A BOER SIGNS HIS NAME. *» the colony.
a declaration of his'admiration. If ho chunks of rock floating around upon lvlTlga of 1	{V k” tu »*'	'	Africa; but the Dutch; East India Com-	_ The 1st Dutch Red truss Ambulance
has been very much fascinated, a poem jt8 gur(a0ti in the lowei basin. The. %% îï?a j, hu i ^Gibraltar7n ^ fea,ftd U migül bti dangerou.» Awflll ^„n„ ,h..     When ihr for the succour of the Doer sick aud
em mzsmmm mm mm
SESEHJrBE HEsEEfB
some pariicular flower from her win- the other. ' The entire fountain is ju; coast ' hut any attempt by Before leaving Holland the heath of for eeveral hours. The children are con- slbter al Kelsall Hill, near -Cheater, dow when become» to iearu his fate painted black, and when ^ w lit up ^ance or other first-class Power, ex- the Huguenot lam. lies were requ.red atantly chided, the patient " vrouw fr(>m ^ lransllort Gascon, at Maw V n*! N	numerous o he at night the slvar ram sparkling m CPl t America, to share the control of to take an oath ol fidelity to the Lut* h hafl R preoccupied look and the bus- geirai says': 'There are about 2,< 0U
iunudngy TS|mefi,Uea difSt>,uyed U Ve,'y backgtulTis very pretty. Two and	u/Vc^ulMn ' an ulU ma turn‘from W "Inform tTalj regulation» which baDf|	I^ffs ex en more Vigorous ^'^bh'TomLy w^uTlmo h-m
ÎSÏ gK-^-re «ne fac or in parti- a half tons of mercury, costing |2,970, ,,;og|îmd, and that is why barbaric might : ubseque-ntly be made for the ly than usual at bis pipe. * Grange study under present cir, . 1 vxhich is favorable to loveis in .g amount used in this remarkable Morocco has not pissed under the Eu- South African .settlement.	Eventually a corner of the table is tances VViih bis sublime in-
¦PteBBIB
EE «EÊfe, EœEHEh - BEr
provided you look in the right place, better as he	igh province of Tripoli. The exten- his voice in protest against the/action	water on board the Juno, one of the
you may come across a youth leaning pianist, pleased—Indeed ! How?	«ion of the Algerian railways cist- of the British authorities in cornier-	- b ps forming the special servi e squad-
In a studiously careless position against p0tztausend—In de bersbiration. ward woui4 bring France within tion with the emancipation of the	HIS ACTIONS EXPLAINED. ,on, through the accidental opening of
srstsr*   -
mmm	3HHS5S
ev t
bet ter instinct asserted it self and tin*
Tim ubje< t of the Boer deputation ion, far in to JJelagua Bay was not peace, but. the
organisation of a weekly service for I mmjmmm	the Transvaal between Delag. »a Bay
miles until, in tin goodm- so! fortune, and Europe by German steamers, he met natives who gave, him food and water. II crawled into Perth, black many others. Probably there are lew with the sun, haggard from want. The
Atnuanders without a mixture
the
It was not only frona Australia and
Canada that offers of contingenta
came. The Mala) States offered 3 0 Guides, Lugos iDJ Hausas, and Bong Ko.,g fifty men and four Maxim ; hut all them were regretfully de lined.
custom which remains in this country
is that of clapping the bands to call
f good wife of the outermost settlement, where Sir George knocked, ret k-
took him
for
ing refreshment,
"magic/*
"When T spke to her in English, *
this French blood mix wiih that of Holland? Through a colony of French
A cording lo a corre.'poudeni of the
when a man ia
hit in the arm by i Mauser bu.lei
Every cloud may have a silver lining, but the average man a satisfied if his pocket ia lined with >llvt»r.

###PAGE###8###
TT
*
\
WANTED.
TENDERS FOR SECRETARY.
Property for Sale.
|Hgg|	Ml 11 great battit described
X desirable propKTtv on Court Street.; the greatest men of the world, in var-Shawville. containing four village lots, ions walks of life are introduced ; every and having erected thereon a comfortable great event which has changed the
map# and shaped the destina t nations is detailed in glowing language ; the progress of nations, the rise and fall of kings ; all the greatest inventions and discoveries in the marvellous panorama of the century arc here presented. It is a wonderful review of the most remarkable one hundred years in all the annuls of the world. Exceptional inducements for agents.
HitAim v Garkktson Vo.. Limited,
1 tram ford, < hit.
Cattle De-hori)ing.
I'emltM
will
S- tli t eiid« vh marked l.v received, addressed to the undersigned lip to Friday, the Will day ot February, HUM, for a Secretary for the Idly Cheese & PutterCompany, for the season of 1MW. The person applying for this situation is to keep all books belonging to the Company ; till out all cheques for money ; keep an accurate account of everything, and do all other work pertaining to this office. Parties tendering to state what salary they expec t.
The low < >r any tender n >t neeessari accepted
I wish to inform the farmers of 1'ontiac that 1 shall Ik* at their service from this date forward for the purjKise of dehorning Cattle, with either clippers or saw as desired.
Parties having such work to do are re quested to notify me by post card.
dwelling house with necessary outbuild lugs. For particulars and terms apply t< Donald Me Ha, Shaw ville.
\LK. MrHAK, llainiota, Man
This WeeK
L. D. DAVIS. \\
VNTKI' Honest man or woman to travel for I a rye housi ; salary *<h monthly ami expenses, with Increase; position permanent; inelose se||.»uldiesNp(t stamped en velope. M AN.Hi Kit, 33o Vax ton bUig., t hi*
ICHgO.
Shaw\ illv, Oetolier -f\ 1SW
II. II. KU.IOTT.
President Lily V. & I*. Co
Shaw ville P. (). ^ut
County Sale of Lands for Taxes.
we Are
e
Province of (jutdicc,
Of lice «'f the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac
l IIKKEMY GIVE NOTICE that the lands hereinafter mentioned will ht sold hy public auction at the Council Hall in the Village of 1 hyson, on WEDNESDAY, the SEVENTH day <>f MAIUT1 next, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs tine to the municipalities hereinafter tinned, upon the several hits nr parts of lots hereinafter dv*ml>vd, unless the same he paid to me with costs before the afore mentioned day of sale,
Province do Ouehec,
I (mean du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac
.! K IH >NN K AVIS |M4r lu présent que les t en es ci après décrites seront vendues par encan public, A la salle du comté du Pontiac, au village de Bryson, MKK( UKDÎ le SEPTIEME jour de MA HS prochain, A DIX heures de l avant midi, pour cotisation* et frais mentionés sur les different» lots et parties de lots ci âpre* décrites, A moins que les dites cotizations ne me soient payée* avec le* frais encourus avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
!
!
Stock-Taking-.
men
Taxe*
d’écoles
Taxes Mu nici pales.
Municipal
Taxes.
Name uf Municipality
Nom sur le H"b
Kan ir
Etendu
Costs
Lot
Total
School
Taxes.
Name un Assessment Hull
Nom de Municipalité
Kan gv
Extent
EVERYTHING HAS TO BE OVERHAULED, AND AS USUAL OUR CUSTOMERS GET THE BENEFIT OF ALL THE ODDS AND ENDS
Frais

Dickson, .1. K............
Stafford A Rudd...........
Sly, George, Estate of Etat de Vnknown—Inconnu...........
Township of Bristol
X N K \ IS
1
100
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Absentee
Farmer.
Farmer.
Absentee
4 27
7 44
:t. r>8
o.d5
14 41
10. «2 21.86 7 16
12.14
00.54
20.42 17.10 :». 02 12.47 7.00 d 15 o. 20 :(0 oo
A
do
d
474
21, 22
do
do
X K A 10 X K l 20
50
>
1.51
d
do
9
100
1.58
8.50
dO.02
42.18
20.42 0.5d 2.02 2 VO 2.10 d.iô 2.71
10.2d
d
d
1
100
2d, 24
20.02
11.80
see#
• e
Davis, John......
Sullivan, Patrick... I nknown—Inconnu Flemming, Michael Cleary, Michael
Village of Fort Coulonge Fraser, John...
Litchfield
«1.»
do
1
137
»>-

do
do
4 N R A X S J 4 N*A
2	Part -partie—37.......
3	Village lot No 4.....
A of ile —0 Bryson Street
8 SKA If.........*........
F "A 24 ............
Lot 0 Maud............
150
'
do
d
5
100
7.57 2.40 0.51 5.50
i
Village of Chapeau
15
do
do
1-5
Absentee
WE COME ACROSS.
McManus, James.. Pat tison, .las. Thus.
Fleuris, Louis....
i ) Boyle John K., Etat de..........
Township of Mansfield.. Armstrong, Andrew
loo
do
100
3.55 I 10.83
i
Village of P. l>. Fort South Onslow .......
•f
Estate
S 11.1........
Part — Partie 24
10.(13
2.10
110
12.73
i
E. HODCINS & SON.
»
14
1.10
1.10
*¦
do
do
do
d
t
100
» 20
25
5.45
24
Township
f Pontefract Mallette. Jule....
Labii n, Moses.....
Brown, James.......
Dunn, John.........
DeXouche, Mrs. J. A
Dunn, James........
Stephens, Richard..
Sweeney, Erick.....
Estate of-Etat de Dr. Rancour, George....
B
4.20 1.05 1.18 2.03 0.00 1.05 10.02 3.58
8.07
4.(14
100
(1 00
42
10.20
do
do
i
100
2 2o
1.30
<4
do
d
1O0
1.18
13
i
do
d
S A 2 7, 8. 0 s A 1
8.00
0
10.03
10.60
0.80
10.02
1O0
do
do
10
too
7.50
5.75
do
do
100
0
do
do
100
4
?
do
do
\
ICO
\. 58
0
do
Puni
do
200
8.07
23. 24
I
do
do
4 60
10
100
0.14
»
Township Island .
f Allumette
1.80
Fraser, John...................
Butler, Patrick................
Richard, Joseph................
Toner, Mrs. John...............
St. Julien. J. T...............
Tierney. John..................
St. Cyre Adolphus..............
Roche, John. Heirs of-liereti vis
12.05
8.35
12.20
30.00 17.02
13.00
20.00
12.21 15.32 7.35 5.75 10 88 11.00 11.20
20.00 25.17
20.55
37.55 35.40 25.50 38.20
0
100
0
do
1.50
do
4
loo
4(
do
dt
1 00
12
100
4
do
d.
1.80
2. 3
200
t
1.50
do
do
2<K>
4, 5
i
do
do
loo
1.5o
1.00
Farmers !

8
<1
do
42
4
100
of < hi slow
Township
( X t >rt h )
Get your milling done at
10.70
5.35
5.35 10.25
13
20 A A 20 H. 23 B or N »...
14 “A
de
200
1
1
do
11
do
UK)
The New Flour Mills.
o Reilly, Hugh................
< » H carne, Michael..........
(inertin Bruno................
Dolan, Patrick................
Tunncy. John.............
Dolan, Patrick, Heirs of—here
tiers de....................
Vaine, Maurice..............
Am litage. Geo. H.............
Black, George.................
Harrison, Samuel..............
Drew, Win.....................
do
d
l.;
100
do
l
i B
d
100
50
do
do
12
130
24 A

W ». ( ) ». 13 B A 13 (
do
do
1.80 3.75
50
8
Tin's Mill lias been built expressly for the farmers’ trade and in order to get it we a ré prepared to give in exchange
FIRST-CLASS FLOUR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
PROVENDER ground while you wait, aqd in proper way.
For Sale at Lowest Prices :
. B
do
do
50
0
do
do
0
0.53 5.40 18.14 Hi. 45 Hi. 55
8.05
10 A..........
4 A..........
10, 20........
Part—partie—53, 54... “	“	55.55, 57
100
do
du
UK)
<
Township of Thorne
>
20< »
do
do
t
100

do
(1
t
ItHI
do
do
>
42
100
Part of N. W. A uf 0, Range 0 of the Township of Clarendon, in the village of Shaw-ville, bounded as follows :
Soi th Par* el.-Bounded on the north by the property of James and V. Fred Hudgins; on tlic e wt by the property on the south by the 0th cm on the west by the property <»f < ieorge Hynes North Paii< el. Hounded *n the north by the 7th concessitm line ; on the east by the property uf Robert Dagg ; on the South by Main Street of the village of Slmwville, the property of Albert Richardson. William Shaw and Robert Met’redie, and on the west by the
Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender. THE SHAW VILLE MILLING CO.
• of Robert Dagg ; ncensiun line, and
Church of England cemetery and the proper Heirs of — herctivrs de—Isaac ty of Miss Jane Dale, the two plots contain
Dagg
The undersigned have entered into partnership to carry on business as
Undertakers,
Furniture dealers,
Manufacturers of Rougk & Dressed .Lumber, Shingles, Etc.
Village of Shaw ville
55.14
IK)
If.. 05
30. Gît
mg
Partie N. < h À de lot !», rang 5 de la canton de Clarendon, dans le village de 8 haw ville, l.omé comme suit :
Portion Si n.—Bonn' au nord par la propriété de James et G. Fred Hudgins ; au sud par la ligne de la time rang : ou est par la propriété de Robert Dagg. et ou ouest par la propriété de < îeoi H>
I Portion Nori».— Borné au nord |>ar le lligne du 7me rang :au est par le propriété de Robert Dagg au sud par le Rue Main de le village de Slmwville, le property of Albert Richardson, William Shaw et Robert Mc-Credie, et ou ouest par le cum et i ère du T Eglise Anglaise et le propriété de Mlle Jane Dale.
nés
2.00 8.00
3. G0
2.40
Turpain Camille Olmstead, Wm..
Palmer, Geo......
Legault, Narcisse. 1 nknown Inconnu
Lots 121 cY 122
Village of Quyon.
Township of Leslie do	do ..
Township of Clapham
Township of Clarendon. Elliott, Adam & Walter
Éflb McTiernan, John......
A full stock of up-to-date Furniture of all kinds will be kept on hand at the present stand of Cuthbertson & Graham, where also the Undertaking Branch will be conducted with the usual prompt attention.
1.74
100
84
90
8
4
8. 63
8.63
21 ti
12, 13........
22, 23, 24. 25
A
L76
3.76
400
1
1.08
100
78
$0
7
2
38.78
23.30
8 W A 10, 17. 18, & E P uf S XV » 10 302
au 28............................ r':
15.48
1

200
do
8
do
40.32
10.47
10.86
21.93
28,41
31.50 3.40 6.75 12.25 15.43
100
17.28
7-07
4.10
9. 68 12.08
!
do
8 NX
do
9
II
II
100
Mc Janet, Robert Hudgins, James. Dagg, Richard.. Howard, Wm. II
10 N E 10 Is W
12	8 W I 7<Y 8.......................
10	N E ï 15 & S K A on N E J 16.....
11	N VV A of S NV J 15..............
13	8 NV f 20....:...................
2 Ail 16...............................
7 NEpt. ofl9...........................
11	8 NV 4 26.........................
13 N NV A 4...........................
10	N NV f 24........................
12	N NV f 12........................
11	N E* 26..........................
Lets 9, 10, 11, 12-8. 8. George street 6, 7, 8, S S OobbA E 121 E S Central
do
do
100
du
do
200
du
do
f
209
Sawing, Planiqg aqd Matching Lumber
do
do

do
i 4
do
5.85
3.55 25.18
8.75 i 12.33
4.75 12.45 10.00
109
2.39
Rubianl, Louis... . VVheelihan, Jolm— jChamberlain, A. XV.. Prendergast, J«>hn.. Armstrong, John S. Murphy, Joseph.... Hobnn, Mrs. Samuel
Brazem, Louis......
MoCuaig, Norman.. Gabon ry, T. C.....
do
do
will be carried on at the Elliott Factory
12.81
209
7.63
do
do
8.75
16.77
750
75
do
do
109	4 44
100 I 2 75
Logs and Shingle Bolts Wanted.
do
do
do
du

19.49
15.75
17-08
24.61
100
7.04
do
do
100	5.75
100	12.08
do
(lo
A large quantity of sawlogs and shingle blocks are now required at the factory for which cash or trade will be given.
5 uo
do
do
24.01
Vi
liage of Bryson
2.98
2.98
>
If
li

WILLIAM G. LeROY, Secretary-Treasurer, 4
Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac. Corporation de le Premier Division de Comte de Pontiac.
9
9
SHAWVILLE,
Bryson, 4 th January, 1900. Bryson, 4me J turner, 1900.

-
