###PAGE###1###



No. 3. 20th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 3, 1902
11.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
A choice stock of picture frame mould I nK« ft 11 raison's Studio
FARM FENCING
Head Office
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........12,000,000
......... 1,703,000
Yes, you Are !
Capital paid uj
OF CANADA.
iorenlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the bent piatino finish go to Imison's Photo Studio.
- $6,000,000. I P-lntSt5paS|„tri*htTSa“.lh„%w,5c-
ture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. Hodglne, Shawvllle.
FOR SALE ;
1	16-foot selected cedar skiff, new.
2	18 ft. selected white pine skiff, new. Apply to Geo. IJaalantink,
Bristol, Que.
ONLY
Beet
130 Cents per ROD
Board of Directort :
Charles Maobb, Ehq., President George Hay, £#q. .Vice-President
How. Geo. Bryson, Jr. John Mathkr, Erq. Alix.Fraiir Enq . David MacLarxn, Kbq
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
CAPITAL -RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Are What ?
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
If
»
Read Ollier, . Montreal.
QtORGBBURN D. M. FINN1B
General Ma nager, .. .. Manager,
Teacher Wanted
Missing
Some
Big Bargains
Branche*•
IN ONTARIO!
Keewatin,
Kemptville,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
F or the Bryson Public School, holding Aral class clementry diploma. Duties to commence the second of September next. Applications to be in the nands of the undersigned not later than the tenth of July next, and to state salary expected.
NORMAN McCUAIG, '
Chairman.
Auction Sale.—Mr. Francis Wilson
„	,	. desires to announce that he intends dis-
Money loaned on approved .eturlly at | ,f0Ming „f his furniture and other home-
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world
8IIAWVILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria, Am prior, Avomnore, Bracebrldge
Carleton
CoLden Hawkesbury,
Lanark,
Parry Sound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
hold effect» by auction on July 3rd, com mencing at 1 o’clock, p. in.
do
do Bank 8t do Rideau St. Toronto, do Somerset St. Winchester Vaokleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA:
Place,
Headaches Cured.
Ninety per cent, ofheadaches are caused by Imperfect eyes. We can permanently cure such headaches with grl your money
Bryson, 20th June, 1902
SAVINGS BANK
If you don’t take advantage of our
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Teacher Wanted.
AccounZe opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC :
Hull,
Hhawlnigan Falls,
Agents in Canada, New York and Chiesgo-Haiik of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul—Meirhantii Nat Bank; Agents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Lt'd.
If we fall wo will refund
The Drug Store, I Wanted for School No. 1 Lower Litch-Shawvllle, Que * Female Teacher, holding first class --------	Elementary Diploma. Application stating
„	, Wanted at Onck-Od a farm in e^5erienSc’ ftn<! 8aIa,ry wanted, to be
«-“-r. Manitoba-» good man and hi« w.fe to
.o n onJ?rm; Wlfe, a" housekeeper.	PETER MACLEAN.
Will pay |du per month for five months.
Employment in winter at smaller wages. I June 23rd. 1002
John Elder,
Nor<|uay, Man.
CLEARING OUT SALE
Montreal,
Larhnte
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Sec.-Treat;. Bryson,
Que
OF DRY GOODS.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
found in Pontiac alone that would " prise the world on the field of battle, and » he said that was not all that the Cana-
11 lereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, rill l>e at Shawville on
third Tuesday in each month, and Camp-1 In a recent issueof Pembroke Advocate .
hell's Bay the following day. Parties will the editor endeavors to excuse the in- planR prided themselves in. He pointed oblige very much by calling early.	|ability of Mr. Murray thus far to obtain *° m*>toesfc on the wall, viz.; “ We
any assistance towards the much needed trUkt *n	" e build for Eternity;”
repairing of the bridge which spans the an< 80 unK AS that was our motto no main channel of the Ottawa river at P°*cr on earth could break our bulwark; Bryson. Our conféré points out that it is an * the red, white and blue colors that de-
iEÎgmS	pitifiü
Smilov who has rushed the work alon-' t,he PurP°** of «electing a new library for great a responsibility.” For Mi Murray, meeting broke up all enjoying them-with commendable despatch	n the next three months.	it does, indeed, seem to he hard, not- «elves, and bade Mr. Armstrong farewell
lh° ssixïsr -»».............- rs Ur?‘»,"LT"U
7	i^ownlee, blu*, a_when the bridge wasbuilt-and
1902, he will find that the late John Bryson succeeded in getting a very substantial grant from the Dominion Government to assist in completing the structure.
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter unless It Is In hand by Monday noon of each week.
sur
We are bound to clear them out at any
price. Everything Reduced.
Having disposed of his property in Bryson, Mr. Albert Richardson and family have returned to Shaw ville to reside.
Mr. Moses McCord has in hand the work of repairing the Orange Hall, recently damaged hy fire.
A few Blouses left from
29 to 45 cents. Were 40c. to $1.00.
Dress Muslins, 5 to 15c. Were 8 to 30c.
Ginghams now going at 8c. Were 10 to 14c.
All Dress Goods reduced down away below wholesale cost.
Children’s Clothing very cheap.
same
The Time Extended.
The time for receiving entries for the growing crop competition has been extended from the 1st to the 10th of July. A fee of two dollars must accompany each entry.	E. Graiiam,
Sac. Treas Ag. S. No. 1
I######
LBownlee A airman. | Gramophone,etc. Admission-Men25cts;
Instead of the Coronation service which I Women, a box of refreshments, was arranged to be held in Sfc. Paul's I	----
Church on Thursday evening last, there	Railway	Earnings.—According to	I Although Coronation has been	indefi- I	-
was held a service of solemn intercom-	the returns	which have just been pre-	nitly postpon d, and the wetther	is *till	Miss Ivy Lyon,	Ottawa,	is visiting her
fur the recovery of His Majesty the	pared of the	operations of the Pontiac	cold and unsettled, business continues |auut, Mrs. Lyon.
King. His Lordship Bishop Carmichael	and O. N. and W. railways during the	brisk in our village.	I	Miss Grace McKechine,	who is enjoy-
past year the number of passengers I Mr. John Gibson, who has been on the hng vacation at present, was in Shaw ville The Congregation of St Paul’s Church, ^""icd the latter was (>.>,000, on the *ick l»at for so m time, isslowly recovering, this week visiting friends.
-	- - 11 ontiac line the number was 36,200.	Mr. T. Crawford, recently employed by .. u, n
The neat earnings over and above Gillies* Bros., has secured a position in	,, ,, McGuire, D.V.S., Corn-
gj ¦¦ ¦ |	¦ I l ¦¦	| rr	r	'wall, Mrs. McGuire and child, arrived
here on a visit to week.
The King* Recovering1
Highest Price paid for Produce.
Latest import* to hand state that IHi Mejealy is making steady progress to wards recovery.
Campbells Bay
PERSONAL
J. H. SHAW.
sion
preached
will have a social at the Rectory Tuesday
night, July, 8th. An entertainment of I	m WÊM JÊÊÊÊM
an entirely novel character, is being pre- operating expenses on the O. N. and W. McFarlane Bros, store
pared in the form of a May pole, with its bfsfcyear were #2%000 and on the Pon- ^r- T. J. McMatinus, and Mr. Hi
many colored ribbons and bewildering tiac, f17,000.	Moffat, went to Anmrior on Friday. I 	J—
evolution of the children. Refreshments This year the neat carnmgs on the O. Miss A Love, of P. D. Fort, spent afew „ Mr- J»ck Middleton, book-keeper
N. and \\ line have been @24;000 and days in this village, returning home Iur Mr. VV. B. Crawford, went to Ayl on the Pontiac $25,000	Tuesday.	mer Thursday to attend the marriage of
Mr P. VV. Reese man, who has been features of the freight traffic. On the The schools in this place all closed on superintendent of the P.P.J. and Gati- Gatineau lino the volume of freight also Friday, for the Summer holidays, neau railways for tho past eight years, shows an increase, but not to the same Camp meetings are to be opened in the has resigned that position to take that of extent on the other division. The near future, which will be conducted by chief train master on the western divi- number of passengers carried, how- Rjv. Mr. Scolie
sion of the New York Central railway, eyer, has been much in excess of the pre- The young adies of this place seem to with headquarters at Buffalo. The Pon- vious year.	be delighted about the future, since nearly
tiac and Gatineau lines, we learn, are to	-?—	all the young men have taken the pledge.
come under the management of the Ofc- The annual picnic of the Methodist the Temperance ball roll on. taw% diysitftt.ûf C.J?.lLx4 wUiçh Mr. | Sunday School of the Clarendon District I	A. Friend.
'j*. i>. gpmeer is geiidiai ouperiu;,^.-* - -,	fl$eepa I#ke on 2@th
r*ffi£ftE£ ErS-S-SSs aseSliSà'13s
goods which were to the entire satisfac- yf th(j . thj s / 0Q uM so far advanced, and answered so well in this village and preached two most in
mmie
HiFi isiss
WÊÊÊM	carefully trained, and were well up in i by Sbawville.
Mr. James A. Leslie, last surviving each 6ul,Ject’	spoke highly for the j	match-won by R
son of the lato John Leslie, the well» Perseverance of the teacher. He .ils.» , Go|d watch POntest, won by Miss McRae
known jeweller of Ottawa, died on Mon- aP°r9 CaDa<ia 1 ie Canadians and , in * close competition, day laat from typhoid fever.	their bravery m South Africa ou the A more extended report will be given
if	'	¦ field of battle, and that no other nation . next week.
The Ottawa Exhibition takes place in the world could produce such men,	-*-
this year from August 22nd to 30th— and that there were better men in Can	% John s Church, Ottawa.
S&r'izfïs eus s.s.tsSL'S.ssti £$S2S3£35B$
weather.	that two thousand men could easily be I Thorne
P. S.-Paris Green, (VJachine Oils.
relatives last
will be served; usual prices.
We have received the first number of
Mr H. Brownlee, of Radford tion, returned from Ottawa on Friday evening with his bride, nee Miss Sheppard, daughter of James Sheppard, Esq., of Creemorne, Thorne.
Mr. Andrew and Miss Grant, of Elm-side, were in town on Wednesday, on their return home from Calumet Island, where they have been visiting their sister, Mrs. Robert Murray.
sec

Know your eyes are right
The degree» of sight range from perfect
Miss McGregtror, teacher of the Model department of the, Academy, left for her home at St. Andreis, Que., on Thursday to spend vacation. She has been reengaged to teach in the Model next year.


'.I
blindness.
We will test eyes frt j.
We recommend
•olutcly beneficial
‘'-vi
««sere
V
/
1
V
JQ
J

“THE DRUG STOKE”
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLE
P.Q.
charming in a dress of white organdie trimmed with white satin. She carried a bouquet of white roses tied with white Mias Lizze Moore, sister of the bride, who wore a dress of white org | die, acted as bridesmaid. The gift of groom was an opal ring to the brides-d and an opal pin to the groomsman, Mr Sand bury. Mr. and Mr. Coleman left by the evening train for their future home, Ammonia, Conn., amidst showers of rice.-Com.
ribt
•DJI
an-

the
mai

1

I
t'



###PAGE###2###
¦¦a
ütrâSjra f FOR FARMERS I	'•“”'°rai<ins
that lowered head, nnd does not obey | ?	± way» une the sumo form of roceptftclo
tm* rkiie, simply rearing in his mud ! X	Seasonable and Profitable $ I for poisons. In this way the
r*,	...	f	Hints for the Busy Tillers sight and touch of the can or Jar I But Some of Them Have Had
ns suits old toro exactly, and he #f of the Soil.	A will moan poison. Never allow pois- Their Prototypes in Mod-
.st! ik88 the horse with terrific force, I	T on» in the same part of the house	ern Bays,
hurling steed and rider against the	where materials for kitchen or table .	. ,
'•r-zr ,“S„ J •»—	r,.....
now, but soon the tide of public opln- The common sheep of the country substance kept in a receptacle, paste i 0,1 ll10lr ™lvo*- 1 hey llvo In huts ion will change against the four-footed ' need grading u| by the use of blood- on a label, printed in large rod let- |,l,mi *n<* 0,1 ly during the night hero of the hour.	|	vd sires, writes Mr. S. It. Quick. I tors, poison. A dozen of these may i, Joy ftl,OWl‘d to visit their brides
Fortunately the bull stops to tear* have done more or less experiment- bo obtained at the drug store for ai UH. ,CU^, °,n’ whic” l,rovalls in up the ground with his bloody horns, I inK along this line and have found f0w cents, perhaps for the asking. I wignnoriuiocl of Timliuctoo, and the dismounted picador clambers that the cross of the Dorset-Nhrop- When buying poison always find out, (‘,|im,(H1 1,1 singularity by that in tlon by scarlet cloaks when he Is pur-1 ov<M* the barrier with a speed that !•	shire has been exceedingly satisfao	what the antidotes arc, so us to 1m? 1'°'uo #,t uta* where	wives	never
suing a companion too closely. Pica- ludicrous, to say the least. His steed *	to,\V. resulting in early development,	prepared to trout a case of poison- J pe,n‘ , .1,ie,r husbands	to see	them
dors on the horses are armed with has received the coup de grace, and	hit, blocky lambs, ranging in color	jng should one occur. Upon each > unu'ii(m until three	years	have
lances, and the public expects them, the rider soon appears mounted uf flU*c ami legs from the Dorset to receptacle paste the word antidote In	'4|ih‘c their marrlngo.
to prick the bull in (he flanks, show !	ufresh, but less daring than before.	the smoky	gray of the Southdown.	jargo	black letter» and	underneath it	1,1	undent Sparta the huebnnd
dexterity in doing this, and avoiding!	Meanwhile the fun goes on. and one| 1 have not	tried crossing.the Shvop-	give	the	simplest remedies in the	"'.aS	<,,1,y able to seek the society of
At present I	his terrible rushes, nnd be exceeding- can easily discover that It is rare	shire rams on Dorset ewes, but have ! simplest and fewest words consistent ,|1H u,r° *v s,Pal,h uud	under
Jack takes a decided interest	in	the |	ly nimble at mounting the fence in' sP°rt the great majority of those	lllwa*V* mato<1 Dorset rams to Shrop-	with clearness.	«'arltiioo», a» «oem» to	he the	case
the short horns rip up the hodyl Present. Many a foreign lady would shire eWee' lVrhaPs the most satis-	- among the 1 urRomans of the
Then come banderil- f*lnt at the sight of a horse dlsem- factory rross has been that of a	HOUSE TALK.	f'nt riay« °" whom* 1
E H=H™E I	r ! HmSSs ! 5tr=EmE| jm -s	t
power, of	the	earth	cannot	prevail	pears the executioner, the matador,	have been educated up to these things,	"11 h ,,rnsv-	KrCl,s>' nccco About 2S«	.	not	carry prudery to tins extrava-
v.ay-they	are	not far	apart-and find-	the hero of the hour, while the mob	Bach occurrence of this nature I.	I,0HPH W(X'0	'"'e(l to Shropshire rums.	^ by	the	coal, action	and counttn	they	have become mothers
.....
*es***ipi
after which the official searches In his |	he fixes his eye on them, some leap-	Uim to %k a livelihood it	the M®ttJ.ig it jell, is a most valuable ad-
who	have	secured	rockets for the key of the toril, where	lnK the barrier at the slightest pro-	earliest possible moment There	was 11,11 lon tu ll,0 ration. A half-pint
seats In the shade. He watches this j lhe hulls are kept, and which he |g j vocation. Jack’s sympathies are with less trouble in getting them started onr0 or twice a day will work won-sec tlon closely, as though expecting to 1 now expected to throw down to the! the toro* l,ut he knows weïI the brave the dilYcrcnco being due undoubtedly dor9 in 11 horse’s condition, see some familiar face appear. There ! attending alqunail. who will at the ; animal is doomed.	lto tho additional stlengt h When Horses that are kept in a stable
Is even	a	wistful	look	In his	eye as j	Proper time let the first bull out. j	Finally the bull, seeing how his ent-	they were allowed to go into the	feed continually should ho supplied about
though	he	missed	certain friendly com-	Whll* the captain-general is thus |	rules rty before him. takes up his stand	lot* the advantage was very much in 0,1(0 11 wcck wi,h sod-roots, dirt
panions of former travel-perhaps | engaged, and fifteen thousand anxious In the middle of the arena, and with favor of the Dorset. I would like to'11,1(1 nl1-
m.or®'	.	hearts await the feast that Is soon to | lowered head awaits a new attack, say for breeders 1 think a great
Then he starts as a voice near his ( glut their appetites, that singular Am- His Hanks are covered with bloody deal of tho Dorset Itomboullet grade 11,1(1 c,rnn 11,1(1 1,10 wat, r if> l,uro-ear valla out lowers for saleL and j erican. Doctor Jack, spends his time i foam, for he has been wounded sever- 1 have done a great deal of grail- No horw wiM rnt well that does tianejng up half expecting to look up i in scrutinizing the famous matador, al times ns well as ripping up a coivolo Ing with Cotswolds Shroivshires not (,rink "ell. and the Water and ®n Uie Ucaulltul Catalan girl of the whose name, If not as illustrious as1 of horses himself.	Dorset* and Tunis, using tho com- linking vessel* must bo of the
Barcelona market, he sees another, those of his old time predecessors1 The enemy gather.	Taurus waits	mon or imtiw ewes. In every in- I>urcst	11,1,1 cleanest.-
who takes his glance as an invitation Montes. Romero, and Costilla re», still	In cunning, sullen humour until they	stance 1 have been better satisfied |	11	costs 110 Im,re to	kepP	11	horse
to hand down her wares, so presently j has a magic charm about it with the	are close upon him.	and then makes	with the use of tho Dorset buck than	fat 101(1 healthy than to keep him
Jack has a boutonalre, one for his , populace, whose idol he has been up	an awful rush for a	chulo to tho left,	any other. Grading or cross breed-	lean 11,1(1 heart-broken, and it makes
companion, and a handful of beautiful to this hour.	Alarmed, the man flics for the bar- ing. of course, can only lie rccom- your (T0(iit botter]
flowers for the ladies.	| The reason of this lies in the fact Her, he seems to know nothing of the mended where the offspring is intend- 1)o,, t tum the C()Its to Pasture un
ri his outs him In mind—where are ! that as yet Pedro Vasquoz has never trick* a cool-headed man might em- cd ultimately for tho butcher. How- 111 you have looked them oxer care- *, tin' ladies.__indeed ? The two seats j met his match in the arena—no hull ploy, such as leaping aside at the ever, there are many advantages to f,llly‘ lf from anv cauw they have still remain vacant, and It is now near- has avoided his fatal thrust. When proper Instant, but thinks his only bo gained from a careful observation bvcomc ,(>,|sv (,ust Versian insect Iv time. His reflections are suddenly that time comes-and* it is liable to	chance to escape Is	in reaching the	of the scientific laws of breeding 1	P<)W(lt*r 1,1 the hair thoroughly. This
brought to an end. for the ladies have arrive at any hour-thls same fickle	harrier first. It Is a	fatal blunder for	rather think ewe Iambs from the fust	s,wm,d 1,0 repeated two or three
arrived, both dreseed in the régula- , audience that has shouted itself hoarse	the wretched chulo.	cross may be kept for the purpose of time*.	U is perfectly safe	and	sure
tivn Spanish style, and wearing the In his honour many a time will turn	Jack realizes it. and	yet. strange to	producing still higher grades. It
« ill 1 ‘7 '! ’V !h ir faves ’ but thlg and rend him. He who lives by the say, does not feel much sympathy for should require but a few years to ... |,no°. ,e,"r long—when the toro sword must die by the sword—the the coward, who could only flaunt a remove nil indications of scrubs he u	:t‘ a,ena 1 h“y " 111 throw Plaudits of the multitude have been red flag, and then run If the bull wink- from the farm* and ranges. This
see all	screens ln ordcr t0 j Pedro s staff of llfe- and they will be cd at him.	can be clone by the Judicious use of
Jack fa	««a ,«» il * hlï	...	! The friendly fence Is almost within pu re-bred ranis produced and dis-
1v taHrifi- til • i v* \ \ sos gallant- , Jack sees a remarkably clever figure reach when the toro catches up with sominated from the pure flocks nl-
sHjxHH.-jE I ïïït.m: .“.me ti'ï-.ïr. .............................................-
pects at forty, while her companion nnd vet there Is » certain amount of b0<‘n n,inling through the air, to land
braggadocia in the strut of the mata-1 *mon6 the half crazed epectaton, per-
NEVER SEE THEIR WIVES
iisïiiiiiiïiismmii
*
CUSTOMS AMONG UNCIVILIZED TRIBES.
Al-
*
DOCTOR JACK.
*
mv.ro
By ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of “Doctor Jack’s Wife,” “Captain Tom,” “Baron Sam,” "Mi#
Pauline of New York,” 44 Miss Caprice,” Etc.
i
up-

are
I**********************

tho
i»
*
Penor Javk hears, and yet forgets to reply, for he Is staring hard at the Turkish pasha, as though something within warns him that this man will cross hie path soon. Whether he has any reason for such a belief or not the near future will prove
cover
Turk
pro-
sometime» for
The pasha is heavy set, with a face of their steed
i
mar
peoples occcntri-to afTord anal* om in
mor-
on con
pasha, and quick to take offence, he returns the challenge.
and sees a party of English and Am erican tourists
A CURIOUS MARRIAGE
was a few years since celebrated in tho Russian province of Simbirsk
who, by withdrawing
herself entirely from the world, huo obtained a reputation for groat sanctity, bestowed ascetic of equal fame
I'lio bride
her hand upon an
The couple had never previously soon each oth-¦¦Hi they When the prir.-d find made them one; for after ceremony, in which they took part blindfolded
See that the mangors are sweet
or, nor did
tJi<
they separated
novel
to meet again.
Almost as singular was the wedding, at which the bride wore a silk handkerchief wrapped closely round her face, that took place in the OO'e in a church in a northern district of London. To. save her parents from ruin she had consented ta marry n rich man, whom she regarded with aversion, on the stipulation that ho should never behold her when she had become his wife. After the ceremony she returned tc her parents' house, which, however, fichmg" her husband, through tho good offices of friends, persuaded her tc abandon for his own.
A widow, whose husband had had
Piles
To prow to you tint Dr.
Churn's Ointment Is a certain and absolute cure for each and « very fo-m of bleodinaand protruding piles, the manufacturera have guaranteed it. Sectes tlrnonials in the daily proas and a-tk your neighbors what they think of It, You can use ft and
SlVStho “,ls.fo,'tu»° .t0 bo ;,llnd-l Wa!
r\M	i	i	jT sought in second marriage by h
Mil	S MI Sit Itl 6 lit I well-to-do citizen of Leeds. She,
read a good deal about the	" V	" x~;-however, rejected hi* addresses, nnc
surely with	broken ribs.	du»t bath f°r poultry, bnt did	you	HAIRY AM) SIOCK.	oil his demanding a reason averred
How the shouts ring	out. Such a	evor notico how your fowls delight	The sheep is the great weed killer.	Hint she could on no account per
toss as that is well worth the price in rolling bt the moist, cool earth Keep the harness in good repair. | mit him to exercise a privilege that WM m ¦Surprise of the ! of admission. The red bull Is a hero. aflor 41 shower ? They avoid the It is a good plan to have on hand a had not been enjoyed by her first American,	Pedro	Vasquez	walks	over!	his tormentors Jackals.	dirt that is real wet or muddy,	but	number of snaps, buckles, cockeyes	choice—viz: that of looking upon hoi
Ul lhe	fence	vau'ts	It	with	the	ease	In the whirl of excitement Jack sud-	sel.vcl 41 9unnv exposure where	the	and other odd pieces for use in case	facc- 1Ier lover fell in with hci
somehow he	has always fancied that	i	or an accomplished gymnast, and ther j	denly remembers	that he is sitting	soil lH loosc froni recent scratching	of accident. This may save a trip	humor, and	so obstinate did	»hi
name, and	there	is something pe-	j	stands directly beneath the Turkish	next to a lady.	He hears her	clap	a"d prepare a place for u bath by	to town when you cannot afford the	Pr«ve when his wife that more	that
_• What if j Pasha, who leans over the railing, and her little gloved hands with the rest	the wet upper crusts of dirt time to go.	three months elapsed ere he could in
ie, the cynical old	bachelor, who has	j	enters into a warm conversation with j	and her voice cries "bravo!"	Al-	with lhc dlLst or dryer earth below,	Clean all foul litter out of the	duco her to	remove tho thick	vei
r,I,paC( . out	* Iife	of sybaritic com-	Hie matador.	j	though his face	Is not turned	that	mitil il is 11,1 in 41 moist crumbly	sheds, and brush the sides and ceil-	under which	since her wedding	sir
lv Li? w ^ his future, has final- Many eves are turn 2d upon them as j way, he sees the Turkish pasha look- T"' then thoy ro11 from side to ings clean of all cobwebs nnd dust, had hidden her features, toc-th» la,, if’ , at M	the faptaln-general still tumbles in In, In his direction. At first Jack	aud w<>rk n trough their I,cave tho windows and doors open
¦¦¦
s=¦""-!	-E~ 5 Bsr5™-*55 L.»	_ 5
are In Spain, where they are bred for! tossed it to the alquazil	*
the purpose. Jack flushes a little un ¦¦¦¦¦¦	¦¦¦
der? the thrust, but quietly says :—
" The bulls we use out
THE DUST HATH
Wo
ems to be a modern Hebe, her out lines of ravishing contour, and Jack dor be does not like—it is a trait char- haps dead somehow thinks that If her face cor- eristic of the Spanish character responds with her figure she must be I und can never bo eradicated what would be called in the rowdy
west
Somewhat to the
a stunner, He catches
her name—Mercedes
culiar about this meeting
BLINDED HIMSELF FOR LOVE
Towards the close of the eighteenth century there appeared at Brunn, ii hut Bohemia, an imposter, named Ma
giving herself ou'
I'll
0
de
ictilous assumptions were in no dan gcr of exposure, espoused her fatu ous wooer, who to tho day of hi death believed that lie had been pro videntially favored.
at
later stage, (lot a good start tho grass will take care of it-
The adage, "familiarity breeds contempt," is perhaps not better Ulus- j Fifteen of Mexico’s Stales have (rated than in the carelessness ex-! capitals lying 5,000 feet above the hibited in the handling of poisons by sea, or more. Of	1	¦

As the noise subsides ¦¦¦¦•pectator settles back there are ! as the limited
and every as comfortably
running wild on the prairies—great, I blast of a trumpet"! heaVwhlch'^! fierce brutes, full of fire, and ready the signal for the entrance of the to charge Satan himself. I shall be toro, the hero of the hour better able to judge of the respective j Out comes a red bull with a rush merits of the different breeds after 1, The sudden change from the gloom of see vour game here."	the toril to the sunlight causes him
Then the conversation turns to the to stand still for a minute people present, and Jack notices that him are walls of bright colours his companion seems to be interested streaming banners, and a sea of exin the members of the Turkish bassy, for her glance
INDUCEMENTS HELD OUT
+
ANIMALS AND MUSIC
Harriot — "What shall I sny i this advertisement for a cook?" Harry — "Well
The effect of music on animals wna 1 the general farmer. With all poie- I above 6,000, and five above 7,0iK) recently tried by Herr Baker, a vio- | ons» the following rules should bo ¦ Two Zacatecas and Pachuca—lie at
linist, at the German Zoological | rigidly enforced in both household I an altitude of 8,000 feet
Gardens. The puma was most sitive to the instrument, and times became very nervous and
were unconcerned,
heir
cubs wanted to dance when the tune became lively, tho hyenas was terrified, the monkeys curious and ter es ted. Wolves were the most prectativc, and "seemed to beg fôr an encore."
say that we') take her with us to any summer ri sort she may prefer."
t
sen
some-
#
ex-
Around
Cited. Leopards lions appeared afraid, but
k
>
pectant faces—weird music
cm
fills the
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦wanders that air—no wonder Taurus Is amazed A dim suspicion enters Jack’s Then he mind that there may be a reason for again.
the scowl of the pasha, but before he A daring chulo flaunts a red flag in has time to fully turn this idea over front of the bull, and bellowing with In hls^ind something occurs.	rage	the brute tears at the ground
There Is a grand burst of music, fol- with his ugly short horns, throws the lowed by vivas from thousands of dirt aloft, to the delight of the audi-throats, kerchiefs are waved, and ence, and finally ruches at his tor-hands clapped, while the eyes of the mentors.
Immense audience are fastened
in-
way
Avoided the Lumberman's Hospital and Cured Themselves by Using
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.
suss ar— "1
Mi—I
Dr. Chase s Kidn<y-Llver HUa, cue pill a dose, 25 cult a box
0*, Toronto,
recovers, and is himself
Hp-
thom instead of the hos-
Only one existing reptile can tain itself flying dragon of the East Indies. It has no real from troo squirrel.
s us-
in the air. This is the
regular nnd the general health good that
..	_	«POD Then a picador Jabs him with his
the sawdust-strewn arena, empty no lance In the flank, and draws the first
blood. The scene In the arena at this moment is exciting, and very picturesque, for the bull-fighters all II nlm- Uchly embroidered vests, knee breech-seem cap- e*. ffaudy sashes, with silk stockings
and slippers, save the picadors, who have (heir legs encased in sheet-iron number of them bear the scars of ,n order to secure them as well as previous battles, when the barrier
wings, but can glide to tree like a flying
A number of gaudily attired
men
have appeared In the court—some mounted and others on foot hie looking fellows. x*ho able of choosing Instantly between a bull’s horns and the board fence. A
"Beautiful, beautiful silken hair !" Philip murmured fondly, toying lovingly with one of her nut-fjrown trusses ; soft as the plumage of angel's wing ; light as the thistledown that fiances air ; the
wear
on
on the summer shimmer of sunset glitter of yellow gold ; the rich, red-brown of autumnal forests blending in entrancing beauty in its— just then it came off in his hands, and he forgot what to sa y next.
one
possible from the horns of the bull Around wheels the red bull, and after the picador like a flash
too far away, or the toro too speedy,
smiling
Th» <*m!os are the fellows who irr!- I ftt*e bright coloured cloaks
Dr. Chare’s Kidney
In vain
tate the bull and divert his atten- 1 before his eyes; the old fellow knows
now
And
At all dealers or iudmaisson, -a»-* 4



1
###PAGE###3###



STRENGTH or MUSHROOMS
A REMARKABLE CASE, REWARDS TO GENERALS
None knew thee but to praise."
None named thee b ut to love thee,
It is singular that some of the most beautiful poetry ever written 1» •jtftctly applicable to
What made your linens coarse ? Common soap I Sunlight Soap saves linen.
An Incident showing the immense growing power of mushrooms was unearthed recently at Stockton, Utah, when two largo specimens of I	the fungi wore found growing
through a heavy concrete floor. The ftf ^	owner of the building noticed that
^	0 . li a ggl I the concrete and bitumen floor was
w	Se&M WpJkj* M being forced upward in the *hni>e of
¦Met
c, j;,-rs,::r^r "h:?	rat - - —
msamm^
ISEÎIh-m És? I “~—
my cast was not only a severe one. permanentlv disabled. But it was but from the failure of other raedi- stated that they were intended to be ciina a stubborn one, and I deter- rewards for loyalty and efficient serrai ned that the pills should have a vice, and could be discontinued at fair trial, so I bought a dozen nny time at the pleasure of Parlia-uoxes. I took them according to m,.nt
directions, and before they were q he amounts allowed are very gone there was a great improvement small. The widows of quartermas-in my condition, but 1 was not ful- ter-sergeants, hospital sergeants, iv cured. I Uien got another half Qnd sergeant-majors receive $10 a dozen boxes, and by the time the month, those of color-sergeants $9, third of them were emptied I had not sergeants $7.20, corporals $0, and un ache or a pain left, and was able payâtes $5. Orphan children of to do a good hard day's work with- soldiers receive 50 cents a week to out feeling any of the torture that the nge cf ig, when they are con-had for five years made my life misr- Khlcr(X, oïd enough to take care of erable. You may say for me that I themselves.
do not think there is any medicine	pensions whatever are given to
in the world can equal Dr. Wil- 0fpCCVH or their widows or orphans.
Dams' Pink Pills as a euro for rheuf although those who desire to take mutism. It is several years since advantage of the retired list receive my cure was effected, and as I have half-pay for the remainder of their never since had the least sign of lives, subject, of course, to he called the trouble, I think I can speak j^to active service if needed, with authority."	É
When such severe cases as this are entirely cured it is not surprising that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have made such a great reputation throughout the world for the cure of other diseases due to poor or wa-
WKËÈÉÈBÊÊfÊÈ
fiance, anaemia, consumption, dyspepsia, palpitation of the heart,
headache, female ailments
among other thou-
i
TOLD BY MR. ORLIN POST OF FORTUNES GIVEN BY BRITAIN
’	TO SUCCESSFUL FIGHTERS.

CRUMIDOE, MANITOBA.
Suffered Greatly for Five Years Mormons Sums Paid Out by the
y	ri e xenrs| Empire a8 the Cogt of Its
Ware.
ft
With Rheumatism—Doctors and Many Medicines Failed to Help Hto, But He Got the Bight Medicine at Last.
F#
i p
From
Man
the
Echo, Dominion City



1
CEYLON TEA.
LÏMIT20 T0RÛHT1
that I Can handle your BUTTER, ECOS, POULTRf (aiUe or dressed), STRAWlSARlEf, APPUI, TOM1TOES. other Fruits, VEGETABLES or PRODUCE to good advantage.
Shinning tags, sta-np>, pad* supplied. Corre*pon4cnt:c invited._______
The Dawson Commission Co.,
!
It*
SALADA

"The shades of night wore falling
9 9
fast
The finest matches In the world, made from •eft corky pine, and especially eul table for domoetio ues— put tip In neat eliding boxes,asserted colors each box containing about 800 ma tehee -three boxes In a pack
t
E.B. Eddy’s
Headlight Parlour
Matches
Every hotly ask
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
ro.
»»
IS
brow was" glad ; her loving
Her
11
The length of kcf-
rnate,
She knew would meet her at the
gate,
She knew he loved her best, bui then,
France demands 25
•St.
For Wale by All Flret Claee Dcalore.
f'ln happy homes (she) saw the light"
Of stoves that glowed. And kettle*
All boiling hard as hard could be, ! €> |«J ji 6? R V For why ? their inmates all drank ' • tea,
PLASTERS FAILED.
e##ee###e#e##00*$#e#eee
LINIMENTS, OILS AND MANY OTHER MEDICINES DID
NO GOOD.
Don’t leave your painting until # the last minute. Do it now, and # let it dry before the hot July arid® .•August sun gets at it. Give 2 %vour house a chance, touch it up % .with
{PAINTING.
Saluda
A New Brunswick Postmaster Tells of His Efforts to Cure His Kid- "Try not" Oolong, the Grocer said , Q	Ok
ney Trouble -He Suffered for "This is the tea that soothes the •
Years and Tried Many Medicines,	H
But Only Recently Found the E’on Lipton must his 'Brands' give Right One

mm
Ramsay’s Paints?
4
w
At
&

A
a
up.
inside and outside. These are the paints for wear and tear, for % beauty and easy to work. Han-@ dy cans. No mess. No waste. # Price O. K. Drop us a card and @ ask for	#
Since hr has failed to lift the Cup/ Salaria.
4 4

Lower Windsor, N. D , June 33 —
(Special)—Mr. T. II. Belyea, postmaster of this place, has made a l "o, stay," her neighbor said, "and I • very interesting statement of his take	j ®
experience in his efforts to be cur- just ono more sip for friendship ^ cd of Kidney Trouble which has sake."	*
bothered him for ninny years.	She thought of home—"My hu» | #
At times he would have very bad | band’s there, ¦¦ fpolls, and when these came on he j without his tea ho will despair."
’v] I ¦
He tried several doctors and used many medicines, but nothing seemed to help him in the least.
oils.
!
BOOKLET ' K" FREE
telling about it and showing # some beautiful homes.	-
A. RAMSAY & SON,C8Ub 1842 5
MONTREAL P&fat MakOfS Q
«•••»¦#*»* ®»eeee«»oee#eaee*®«ee®*e»e«e*eee«Q
PA
[PAIN'S

Saluda
GRANTS TO LEADERS
u
Lord Kitchener has already received a grant of $150,000 for his services in Egypt, five years ago, which gives him $400,000 in all, the largest award ever given a British soldier. After tho Afghanistan campaign, Lord - Roberts received a gift of $75,000; Lord Wolseley received $100,000 after the Ashanti campaign and $150,000 after the Egyptian campaign.
During the reign of Queen Victoria tho following annuities were granted to victorious generals, which are unparalleled in the generosity of nations:
Beware" tho stuff, they sell in . trade ;
liniments <>n the I Don't buy at all, until you've made outside doses all kinds and | Quito descriptions taken internally seem to have but one result
11
Plasters,
sure it's stamped in letter
plain
He was no I As guarantee the famous name,
I	Salada.
If finding fault were a useful occupation a great many people would have no difficulty in deciding what they were created for.
blood. Paralysis, St. Vitus'
"Do you stand high in the opin-of the Gazza not
me he says I’m an old fwiend of his
I'm afraid When Mr. Gazzam intwoduces
t «
better
Finally through reading nn advertisement he was led to the use of
nervous
and neuralgia nroH troubles they have cured in eands of cases. Only the genuine pill will cure—substitutes never cured anything—and to avoid substitutes you must see that the full "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for People" is on the wrapper
These pills are
"At break of day" when good Wives
Dodd's Kidney Pills. lie says:	1 rise,	j daughtah, and when Miss G azzam
"Dodd's Kidney Fills were so	There is one thing they greatly prize	intwoduces	me,	she	says I'm an old
highly recommended for Kidney	And that's a cup of liquid bliss,	fwiend	of	her	fathah."
Trouble that after reading some And if you want to know, 'lis this,	-----
them according to directions.
"I had tried so many things that a traveller ' from across the pond,"
I was very skeptical and had but On afternoons of tea was fond, little faith that Dodd’s Kidney Pills	The good wife told her where to
could or would help me. However,	gg gggggggggggghggggÉg
I did not use them long before I a tea that's unexcelled in kind, found that they were all and more than	claimed for
"I have received more benefit from .<‘There in the twilight" they did
them than from any	l'u tUnno\WÊÊftÊÊÈÊKItlÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊU
I have ever used , for they seem to	And each one pondered, in her
have made a complete cure of my
Mir aid’s Liniment the lies! Hair Res'orei
Lifebuoy Soap — disinfectants-is strongly recommended by the medical profession as a safeguard against infectious diseases.
Every minute there die 07 inhabitants of this planet, and 70 babies are born.
name Pale
around every sold by all dealers in medicine, or will be sent post free at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock ville, Ont.
A year. $25,000
Lord Seaton, for three lives 3 0,000 Lord Keen, for three lives... 10,000 Lord Gough, for three lives 15,000 Lord Raglan, for two lives 10,000
Lord Clyde ...........
Sir F. W. Williams ...
Sir II. M. Havelock Lord Napier, for two lives 10,000
...	5,000
. ...	5,000
...	5,000
Outran, two lives 5,000 In addition to these several hundred grants were made of from 500 to $4,000 a year.
THE COST OF WARS.
Lord Hardingo
find
WIRE WOUNDS.
Doctor (thoughtfully) you have some sort of poison in your system." Patient: "Shouldn't wonder. What was that last stuff you gave me?"
T fear
My mare, a very valuable one, was badly bruised and cut by being caught in a wire fence. Some of the wounds would not heal, although 1 tried many different medicines. Dr. Bell advised me to use MINARD’S LINIMENT, diluted at first, then stronger as the sores begun to loolq better, until, after three weeks, the sores have healed, and beat of nil the hair is growing well, and is not white, as is most always the case in horse wound».
Sal ad a
... 10,000 5,000 ...	5,000
• • •
• • •
part,
RELICS OF THE VIKINGS
Mlnarii's Liniment for Rheumatism
heart,
The fact that all the finest tea Was at Tho Model Grocery,
An interesting discovery Is reported from Norway, bearing upon both Norse and Anglo-Saxon history. Three hundred feet from the seashore on the coast of North Fjord there has been dug up from a hillock remnants of a burned ship, and the bones of a female skeleton and of a horse, with a weapon and parts of armor, and objects of adornment. The style of them all indicates that they belong to a
Sir W. Nott ........
Sir G. Pollock .....
Sir A Wilson .
Sir J
case
"I feel as well as ever I did and have not the slightest trace of the Kidney Trouble that bothered me ever so long.
"I want to say that I believe that Dodd’s Kidney Pills arc the right medicine for Kidney Trouble."
Mr. Belyca is very well known to everybody in this neighborhood and there are but few who have not been aware of his serious illness.
Everyone is delighted at his inland his published has done much to make
# •
? M« #»
A Highland workman Called out to
The largest fire-engines are owned his mate who was standing xuth his
back to the wind trying to light his Tugal, hev ye a light?
by the Central Fire Brigade of Chi-
capabl/of"throwing°tenf t onTofw£ "Ay." replied Tugal. "We got a 1er a minute.	light, but its oot.
9 9
• if
F. M. DOUCET.
This has been the most expensive war Great Britain ever fought, both in money and in blood, and has veri-
. . .	.	,	. lied the prediction of President Kru-
lntcr period than the iron age, when r the beginning about the size
the Viking raids were chiefly direct- of ..the butcher's bill" she would cd toward the west of l .nglaml and, j,ave to pay. Tho total money cost Ireland. Thus it is once more proved jhns exccedcd a billion dollars that in the Viking epoch women lived as warriors, and that it was the custom for the Norse vikings to burn the corpse of a prominent warrior on Ids ship.
Weymouth
Mlnard’s Liniment isfhs best
Is your husband suffering g
HHiH' WcIi," answered
the woman, with a tired expression, "he say's suffering way he keeps bragging about it I’m half suspicious that he’s kind of enjoying it."
from
# #
"Suppose I decide to let you have the money, how do I know that I shall get it hack at the time you say ?" a*ed Brown. I promise it. my boy, on the word of a gentle- have your steak, sir?" Frank Gusman," replied Moore. Ah Î In Corner (who has been waiting twen-that case, I may think better of it. j ty minutes)
Come round this evening, and bring him with you."
the toolhachc?"
i
But from tho
proved health
statement L---WÊÊÊtÊÊKÊIÊÊÊÊÊM
Dodd's Kidney Pills even more popular in this neighborhood than they have been.
How would you like to
Waiter
1 t
No
nation that pretends to have an honest government is taxed so heavily as England is to-day, yet there is
comparatively little complaint. ,.j	.. began little Clarence,
Taking the financial and industrial	___„ . qb, I don’t know !"
depression into consideration, it is ,fe(1 his long-sufiering sire wear-extraordinary how cheerfully and ^	„ the qucsllon i wanted to
willingly the Drltons carry their	foolish, pa." "Well, what
another happy mother who thanks loyalty will have to endure	when* he "came **uu®ir'v"
Baby’s Own Tablets for the health strain. ¦	|
of her boy. The little fellow be- Since the year 1700 England has ornne the prey of worms — that curse spent $8,500,000,000 in carrying on of childhood. Ills rosy cheeks lost their color; his little legs and arms became skinny; his eyes lost their sparkle and he became sickly and peevish, llis sleep was restless and feverish, and his food seemed to do him no good. His anxious mother almost despaired of seeing him back again to good health. However, heard of Baby's Own Tablets
them tb her and now she says:
wonder-my little boy. All worms have disappeared,
"Very much indeed, thank you, if it isn’t too much trouble."
W P C 1134
THE	POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
Minaid’s Liniment Cures La Grippe
CAL/ERT’8
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
BABIES WITH WORMS
is mercury will rurely é«4troy tho sense of smsll sod completely derange the whole system when enfrtrtag )t through themetoussurfaces. Bucb arikcres rheuld never he uned exeept on pre?cr1*'.iens from reputable phyeictAse. as the damage they will do Is tea fold to the food you san possibly derive from She*, lia 11 Catarrh Cwe, manufactured by F.J. Cheat7 t, l a. Jedo. O., eon tains no mercury, and Is taken Internally. acting directly upon the bleed and mu so us surface* ef the system. In buying Hail’s Catarrh Cure be sure yen get the genu Ino. It le taken internal y.aad made la Toledo Oh le. by i. J. Cheney & Ce. Teetlmomale
A Grateful Mother Tells How Her
m
For #rrr Sixty Tears.
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the gums
Aw Old ako Wrll Tbisd luetDT WiMbw's Soothing Syrup has been used for ever sixty yean by millions of mothers fer their children while teething, with perfect euoœ». It soothes she shild. softens the gums, allay sit pals, sure# wind selle, and lathe l»ost remedy for Diarrhcea Is p!e*«*nt te the i*e e. Sold by (trutiists in «tioRHEH ¦ ¦ ¦ Twenty-five cent* » bottle. He value la Inealeolable 3e sure and ask lor Trs. Wtnelewe Soothing Syrup,
OLD WHEBLI8B DAYS
I
In the Statesman's Year
wars
Hook for 1902 you will find an interesting tabular statement showing how the public debt has piled up since the reign of William III., when it was only £664,263, and what each of the wars has cost. Since that period Great Britain has been constantly fighting either European powers or semi-barbarous people for the purpose of conquest, and, while she is now the largest real
nations, the been acquired at an
Brass Band
frSoid by Dteggiste. price 75e per boltle. flail's Family Pills are She beet.
Citizens Rose by Candle-Light Strange Change in Public
Fancy.
a time
d
tiH
when "city
She:	"It Is true that Miss Itich-
leigh has money, but she is also very exacting. If you marry her, you will have to give up smoking and drinking." He:	"If I don't
marry her I shall have to give up eating also."
There was
folks" got up by the fading dark of night and started countrywnrd on a wheel in search of entertainment.
They rode far anil long, and probably, if the truth were told, over-
ilitslsil!!
what caused the big bicycle revival in the city.
Out along the highroads the far-wont to look upon the bi-foolish vehicle for
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE P BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted. Fine catalogua •00 ilhwlnttlone, meiled free. Write as for may
thing In Munis er Musical VmirinfiU
SPECIAL EXCURSION RATES
Via the Chicago and North WestRailway to Denver, Colorado Pueblo, Salt Lake, Hot
she
ern
WHILST MCE & 00., Limited,
SpringlflllHipH
Springs and Bendwood, South
and
< hild, I IBP PI
— "The Tablets mode a ful change in signs of
and he is now in the best of health.	-----+	----
°»AINS OF GOLD.
worms."	Daylight and truth meet us with
Baby's Own Tablets arc a certain clear dawn.—Milton, cure for all tho minor ailments of True obedience neither procrastin-littie ones, such as constipation, co- ates nor questions.—Iuarlcs.
He, sour stomach, indigestion, di- We get out of nature what wc arrhoea, simple fever and the irrita- carry to her.—Katherine Huger, lion accompanying the cutting of The education of the will is the teeth. Guaranteed to contain none object of our existence —Emerson, of the poisonous opiates found in The best way of recognizing a the so-called "soothing" medicines, benefit is never to forget it.—Bar-They are for children of all ages, thclmey.
and dissolved in water can be given Age without cheerfulness is like a with absolute safety to a new-born Lapland winter without the sun -babe. Sold by druggists at 25 cents Colton.
a box, or sent postpaid on receipt of Candor looks with equal fairness price, by addressing the Dr. Wil- at both sides of a subject.—Noah
Hams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Webster.
A man cannot live a broad life if
he runs only in one groove —J. S.
The dark spot In the centre of a White, bcan-bl o*8om .» the nearest approach Fools learn nothing from wise men to black that occurs in any flower. but wise men learn much from fools.
On the Upper Congo wedding —La va ter. rings wre made of brass, and worn Some men will learn more in a round tho neck. They sometimes country stage-ride than others in a •weigh 201b.	. • tour of Europe.—Johnson.
gave
Da-1
Toronto, Oat and Winnipeg, Man
estate owner among property has enormous cost
Wabash Railroad.
SPECIAL EXCURSIONS.
To Denver, Colorado Springs, Pueblo, Glcnwood Springs, Col. ; Salt Lake City, Ogden, Utah; Hot Springs and Deadwood, South Dakota.

8»N0 »
WALK IN#
OR
OUTINO
SUIT»
#
¦ • e
¦mm* AMERICAN PWIMO 00.
MONTREAL, TORONTO. OTTAWA * QUE BEG

Visitor:	"Do your cows give a
great deal of milk?" Farmer: "Do they? I should say so! It’s a fact, sir, wo get so much milk that we dilute the well water with it."
Dominion Line Steamships
Lowest round trip rates ever rnady
from Canada to the above point».
21st.
Montreal to Liverpool. Beeton to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool. Via Que* me-tewo
mer was cycle as some giddy tourists. He said hard words about it because it rudely shocked
nerves of his colt.
Superior accemocedetlo* of pa vengerSL Saleons and Btatereeme
S^ond S.lion	S.5T..XS.“ È
Tickets on sale June ltft to ¦¦ | June 26th to 30tk, inclusive
Large for all c.
and
Special excursion June 22nd to 25th Other cheap excursions during July and August. All ticket» good until g|jg h 1002. All tickets should read via Detroit and over the Wabash, the short and true route to all Colorado points.
This will be the grandest opportunity ever given the people of this country to visit this beautiful country of grand mountain scenery at a low rate.
Full particulars from any railroad M I WM A. RICHARDSON,
Te IIBI A €#LD IS ©SR DAT.
Take Laxative Brome Quisles Tablet* 41) an I druggist® refund the mosey If II falls te cute, i v the B. W. Qrove s signature Is os each hex. •*».
and
p*W ef sewage
of the Company ov
Rieharis, Mille à Co.
T7dtaU St Bottom.
the tense
placed him more than once in unconventional position
neepsi
the turn of a pleasant spin—is always at your immediate call. And these things have made the bicycle popular in tho country districts.
D. Torrance A Ce.
Montreal aai PerUaad.
October 31st,
10 NUMBUfi K!SU.!X
V
SeWaer. Btopeewta* of all a### fro*
# w. wilb aame blaSo. Silreeta h
Ont

Tott»*oaial¦ froo. Prlaagl te or see-1 $1
f-'r trie! ; If i t work», tend bale** Vat d II 8 Hayf,‘WforlTfnl
Canada Da* IT
Bl.lSpa VASasa SBieUTOX, MrSell, lewa, C. a
Wood# Photo. Fncruiw.
PM. L JONES LNG.C?
“I6Ô CAY	Tg'ROMlO
or J
agent,
Diet. Pas» Agent, northeast corner King and Yonge streets, Toronto,


t^FEEr. ïàl:ieras










X
		
###PAGE###4###


THE EQUITY.
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
SMART & SMITH SHAWVILLB
MASSEY-HARRIS
Sylvester machinery Imported 'Direct
SHAWVILLE, JULY 3, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS

Also n stock of
!)(9
Six hundred Welsh farmers, emi-Mvnnts from Patagonia, lmve gone to the Canadian North W est to settle.
Front London, Eng
ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTRORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWSE LI/S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.

' prepare for the hay harvest.
The Quebec Government disposed of timber limits in the Eastern part of the province on Wednesday last, which in-cludin gfiro tax and ground lent, realized the sum of $138,878.IW.
A Number of Ear Trumpets And Resonators
which usually are of great assistance to
:: deaf persons. ::
The Prices are : 6.00, $7.25 and $8.50.
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
A wide Rake with a Frame that will not sag.
Made in following sizes :
2t> Tooth— V ft. 6-in. wide.
50	Tooth—10 ft. 0 in. wide.
51	Tooth—12 feet wide.
Ware rooms next door to D. McRae’s8hop.
A Call Solicited.
Coronation honors for Canadians.

K1
R. J. HAMILTON.
>*
Ottawa, June 26.—-A message to the (5 jvernor-Geueral last night, makes the following announcements with regard to honors which have been conferred upon Canadian:
lia Majesty the King has been graciously pleated to confer the following honors:
To bo a member of the King'd most honourablePrivyCouncil—His Kxeel’ency the hul of Minto, (1. O. M. G , Governor General of Canada.
K. C. M. (».—To be Knight's Com mander of the most distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George:
lion. Daniel Hunter MscMilLn,
Lieutenant-Governor of Manitoba.
lion. Frederick W iili.im Borden, Minis ter of Militia and Defence.
Hon. William Mulock, Postmaster
General.	____________ *	,	1
,.£iFirst of the Big Shows.,11902
and St George.	----?	—	I ——¦—
xiS	Ilillr NEW A8D $0VEl FEi,mES
Lietit-Cul. Percy Sherwood, cuer Dominion Police.
Robert Harris, Esquiie, pr a dent Royal Canadian Academy.
K. B.—To be Knights Bachelors:
Hon. Henri^E zear Taschereau, puisne
judge of the Supremo Court of Canada. I	A MONSTER DISPLAY	I	----
W&tXA	“• r‘he	Re^nSer. ",a/,r'u "ro ”lWi"-;.to reputation as man-
Distinguished Conduct Medals	---?------ llîiK t ^*11 ! 3 01 IlIGH CtKAPE 1* LOMt,
Td*: Trotting and Running You don’t Catch Us standing stnumi miug to do w-
A.tilGiiHeJ.' 1‘‘G'Ruutb*Farrler SerKea,,;	Races every day of the Fair.	ness solely on ti reputation already established, No, sir !
Magnificent Program of Stage Special- wr	i. rr ,
RCW&KBSB55S8 We,(V*? °ar.d	Virheat and can pay the
vf.bR.1ti." iffS* STjaSSl a,nl »" lil«h of Feed and can make Puces Iiium.
Mart incite Family, Acrobats ; also Schre-yvr, the Bicycle wonder of the centurv, in marvellous and thrilling feats.
: 1
P. 9. Hay Forks.

m
Get Ready for It !
Qttawa’s
GREAT
FAIR!
tl
We shall be pleased to show these goods to any person requiring such aids to hearing.

\
M ACF A R LANE BROS.

this
year.
I
!
SMART & SMITH.
1902
A NEWLY BE B ’JILT MILL !
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS H0 CLASS
commisM-
Increased Prize List and Special Premiums for new Competitions and Classes.
MEDIUM
^FURNITURE.
Bedroom Suites
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
t
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
CENTRAL CANADA jf'AIR.
!
I
ADVANCE THE DIRECTORS MOTTO—MANY NEW AND NOVEL FEATURES I OR THIS year’s show WHICH IS TJ l:R HELD IN A VO VST.
JAMES WILSON.

THE BURNING OF MOSCOW
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
The director's of the	Caneda
Exhibition nevfr stand still. They are I Is the Military Spectacular to he put .... u ways endeavoring to better their grand at the evening entertainments ; this to Ik* show, at Ottawa, second to none in Am- followed by the grandest display of Fire-erica, and make it worth aeoini; yearly bv ".orkfi CVpr Sivpn in Canada. South Af
tttes itxst Jtos SEr8 eysAtisx
the past few months With the result that	ggg SMHH
th.s year’s show will have many new and I **' SPECIAL RATES on all railways and novel features and will doubtlesi prove steamboats for both exhibitors and the best in the association's history.	visitors.
In the first place the showlthia year is . Por Brize lists, entry forms am! all in t ) be held in August, 22-30. P.aced after formnt,OIb "rite the Seentary. the Toionto fair for futiit oj days the	E. McMAHON,
Ottawa show *tw»ys encountered bid	26 SPARKS ST.
a eat hi r, tmhei c *«U « r r»in, a:,d &o the I “ directors decided to h.vo an early show, before all the other'. Thi«, we think, ia g >od move, and wonder why it tuade'yea s ago.
Next the pr;zi list has been revised sni. c ,
3&.0	£rH2£53F ®
generous.	1	*
Agiin, special arrangements, have lean made for a display of flowers that will excel any ever arranged in Canada.
Another feature will be a hibition of the choicest works of art to
AU the leading artists of the province will contribute to the grand display.
Tne special attractions are a great fea turd of an exhibition, and in this, too, the directors have bien look it g ahetd —
Already the choicest in the market have
cCOEMIOK MOWERS
M
Fu!ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
ARE BUILT RIGHT

Get the McCormick
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
: fRESH ARRIVALS
I I !l i ii

g:
%

i
l
IX
JUBILEE CHIMES
I ml
FACTORY
was not
No. 32335, A. T. R.
RUN LIGHT.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.

AT THE
i
*
Big 4 Mower,
Vertical Lift Mower 4£ or 5 “
uttieid-hom) 36or4 "
» feet 23 “	12 feet 40	“	_____
, Ail Steel, Seif-Dump, Repairs on hand.
6 or 7 foot cut
Cash Store,
STARK'S
CORNERS.
and it will get the hay.
Terms
l or the season $10, payable at tune of service with privilege of return if
horse U my property. All mares at owners risk.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, TIIE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
L. DUMAS.
At McGuire’s Hotel,
Shawville.
monster ex-
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
be found in O. tar o
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
Public Notice.
Deer and IVjoose. Tenders Wanted.
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon.
is hereby given,	there,	III	¦¦¦¦
HpHBPK
nice and Nats the funny water specialists i_Sec.-Tiens.	for yOUr trouble.
just from Europe. Prtf. E. R. Hutch- -L-L---'-*¦"-* I All correspondence strictly private and I , The Ottawa, Northern and Western
laon, the balloniet, has also been engag-	Off on a Picnic	confidential. Address,	I Company and the Pontiac Pacific Junction
SSEÏ™	d|ips^
I he purses ‘or these are unusually large the coronation ceremony. Sir Wilfrid “ No person owning, having or harbor- Governor in ( ouncjl of an agreement of
tury ago of the march of Napoleon with Blair, and Hon Chaa. Fitzpatrick will al(y of a fine of at least $5.UU and not ex-	i tary of the Ottawa,
SsrTîSt ”pr"i l,'ï T pngT	I
h ir} a, .	,	8 p rot rayed, alio the there wi.l probably baa large supplement running at large, hunting or coursing in
arrival or N apo!e<>n and his men at the ary vote required for that purpose. Tie such locality between the above mentioned gates of the capital. The spectacle of the I Premier is travelling in befitting luxury I dates.—! Ed. VII, C. 12, s. 4. destruction of the city is said to be grand-1 and his party’s pasrage a'one will cost er and more awe inspiring than any yet the country in the vicinity of put 00. During the battle joat before 111,606. Then the other members of the	_
the entrance of the Fr nch army there j cabinet, whose eight (previous to 1807)1 Province of Uuebec	I All parties Indebted to the undersigned
tth HTÉT\ ,di'pl,y °f f,reWOrl<SJ ^ka.ineutocom. before,heCuron.,ion	în<th?°«1d Vunîc,*
the program including many new and Convention, because that will have been pality, a meeting of the proprietors of the “ novel devices in pyrotechnics all calculai- ! concluded ere they reach the motherland, real estate of this municipality, entered ns| — ed to delight and amuse.	And besides, Sir Wilfrid has left the *uch upon the valuation roll, and having
Altogether the Central Canada Fair Canadian repvesetatives little to discuss. KL^hL-^aothe,r ™n
3k tfacra! EEEH S	f Ef—	-ShawviUe-
- H------—U&a£?,S8r *•“
A full stock of Doors, Sasli, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
SILAS YOUNG.
H. MATHESON,
Sec.-Treat.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
.NOTICE.
r*
Here it is I The Place
OHAWVI LIE’S
** NEW
SASH and DOOR

FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
NOTICE
To whom it may Concern
€»
Sash,
i
1
Public Notice.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
i
l ew which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class Work.
FRANCIS WILSON.
Shawville, June 10,1902.
House and Lot for Sale.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease la basin
DALE BROS.,
JORN G. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
L
?
ns
###PAGE###5###
• Y

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
4
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interoits. j P
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY	1*
AT	RHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.	I
SUBSCRIPTION—$ 1,00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE, I i No paper stopped until all arrearages I |l
are paid, unit es by special arrangeur ut wlib II the publisher.	1M
«

County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
Seville's Greatest Store.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind Gets all tf\e Cream
The Improved
V
Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays we close at 6.


:o:
STarcH
ADVERTISING RATES i
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for flret Insertion and four cents per line
each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at N 00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of S cents per line for first Insertion and C cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or
for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
IMrth, marriage and death notices published free ofehurge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
for
r

To Mix Bee Starch
Unusually Good Values for balance of June !
—water, hot or cold, Is all you require and you get the
BEST STARCH
IN THE WORLD.
u. s
reo
Gives the finest finish with the least rubbing and positively the iron cannot stick to the linen when it is used.
A set of 3 Patent Flat Irons nickled given In exchange for loo Bee Brand coupon#. —Save them.
BEE STARCH CO.. MONTREAL. ,
We have planned big surprises for our friends
by giving them of our best goods at prices
about the lowest that have been reached this
#
season for equal quality and style.
JOB PRINTING.
All klmla of Job Printing no.itly and » ..onply executed. Orders by mall promptly
attended to.
«»
i
Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD IV|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
#
FREE
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher.
Business Cards.
READ:
W.B CRAWFORD,
Wholesale Agent, Shawvllle.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
; :	N. Y., last summer.
Cottons at 5 Cts.
MEDICAL.
Straw Hats.
DR. «IcNAUCHTON.
1-00 yards fine unbleached, - factory or grey cotton, made from round, even thread good weight. Special, 5c. yd.
Balance of Straw Hats all reduced. A complete clearance is the order, so expect big bargains.
CEO. HYNES,
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
¦ at Urn new house built byHP James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. Telephone iu office.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the
the best machine made—at our warerooms.
1
“ U. S."
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWTILLE, - - QUE
A. SMILEY.
PRINTS !
MUSLINS !
LAWNS !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M.
)
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uuiveruity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omet and Rmidbitci : J. 11 Armstuoxo's llovse, MAIS STREET • - SHAWVILLE,
' See our Prints at Sets See our Muslins at 10c. See our Lawns at 12c.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit nil classes,
IN UNDERTAKING
That’s the way we’re going to distribute wash goods all this week. “ What next ?”
Tempting Prices these.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
I also keep a complete stock of l'une-r.al Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thurs-t day and Friday of every week. Office at It. McC. Ritchie's residence.
Headquarters for
-1 Highest Price paid here for Wool, Butter and Eggs.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L, District and Country.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
T :e E liter of the Havelock Standard went tiihiuv one day !a«t wtok and succeeded in lauding twelve fine specimens of maskinonge. There were three in the patty and only twelve fish could be taken without breaking the law.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Wm. gamble,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, fto.,
Office : Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
Clean and Still Unclean.—The Kaf-
tits are the cleanest pe, p'e in the world in some respecta. Tney are always c ubbiog themselves in hot water and yiShointiig thennelvea with oil after ward, but tbo habit docs not extend to rheir clothe). They will take an elabor-
CEO. C. WRIGHT
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
4 , ,	...	, ,	, The Ottawa Citizen says : Ic is under-
ue ba'h, and then put on c othes tha stood that the Hull electric railway, which never saw «he washtub.	has b»en acquired by the OPR will
* III • dtpir ,j,r.nt ,.f pu',lie vo kâ h.iJlhv luhd» of <b O.tawa iva ded :hvO utr.c f >r th » c maiiuc.i n ¦,U’ctr,c railway, either by purchase or
s t oa uveal oh*irv t ry ai °‘8e' ^	remerabe-ed that last
Otnwati Meurs Vieil & Lschauce r.f >ear the Ottawa Northern and W.sorn I H i 1 T.ie » ructuio will be erected at I r*i,W8J bought out the Bull electric and ‘tie »-xp< r men :V farm at a coat of about '1-hough the C,P.R. are not in the ha >it
... .quencethe electric l:ne had to be i i* . —	1 ‘e,L Lxndon, while digging iu eluded. Now, it is stated on good autho- AMR
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,, |hiag*ritnat South August the other rity that the C.P.R. is on the point of
ay, found a copper co n dated 1778 It leasing the line to the Ottawa elec- I 3 h an American cent, and must have been tile if the latter will not purchase it out- I «me of tho vet y first if sues after the re- right,	•	j toî/fi
vo'uttonay w: r in which the V. States "* tchieved their independence.
Will bo in Shawville on Tuesday of |dde is the I/berty head and on the
• fiber a figure in sitting posture, with the words “Vita et Lib," which being translated means “L fe and Liberty. Brcck-ville Rt order.
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
— ACCEPT ONLY
l LONDON)
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Trust Building-
4d Sp irk> Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1$U.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.	'
J. F. GBONAU • • LADYSMITH.
f
Uff
W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
ALES end
STOUT

II
* # # e Sllld • I § •
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
i>.
Fishing Tackle
i
NOTARY PU8LI \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
t!
QUE.
BRYSON,
On one
:o:
M'irisrad His Brother.
,57
• €
of all kinds,
McDOUGALL 5c CT72NBR, Hardware Merchants, -
every week.
Edmonton, N.W.T., June 23,—A man named Nils Johnson, a Swede, was arrested and brought here from Wetaska-
L1CEN8ED AUCTIONEER for the County I	I win last night for the murder of his bro-
Pontiac. Sales conducted in a business-like A Daws n, Yukon, special to ills Win- tBer to get possession of his cattle.—
I "ft* Pr!“- da',ed June 21, .,y,: | John,,,,, h., made a .lament that _______________________
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- D. i>. Uavis,collector of customs, has been I having paid for the cattle he was there* |
"6 sale#	musptnded owing to grave irregularities in fore entitled to them. The murder is	*'%M>***W yimu
hand tor sale: Ol^ce : Shawville, que1. | the customs department. After suepen- similar to the Bullock affair of some ^SS^SjyWôRLD’i EXHIBITIONS
sion Davis handed in his resignation.— months ago, the ' body having been I TArr# arm no brows so pure and A ex A L. ok, of the same department, | buried.	-----
has also resigned. It is understood that Davis received a sum of nu ney from the Alaska Exploration Co
m
E .
J. J. TURNER,
I
Sussex St. Ottawa.

/
THE NEW GROCERY
L V

i
I
—AND —
whole•



.
y v
MEAT SHOP. ~
ZA
The Biggest Digger Yet.
I
I
i
and in return
Would Be Assassin Gets Drastic
Justice.
• 1
L* »
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
the go¥Sr3yfeHi>t devoid#* of a	1	m M _
amount of revenue due the company. It Toronto, June 25.—With a drizzling is possible that criminal proceedings will ra*n falling upon them about 200 people
w,..,	.f ,h. tomW. r	S* JX5	twrzi H.,llg.,,urou„..„d„,.h,«,k
Quebec, June 1.—Quebec proposes to	dredge, Sir Wilfrid, which the company	mlde an unsuccessful attempt on	the	of GROCERIES people can rely on get-
fo low the examp e of Prince Edward	l% constructing for W. J. Poupore, the	niKhl of Miy 18 to amsiinate Lieut.	ting a good article. Intending buyers
TX* °r Is and* At last night a meeting of the	well-known contract >r of Montreal. The	Gen. Von Wahl, governor of Vilna,	was	would do well to come and inspect our
Wort'»	oity councihifc was decided to impose a	new dredge ia said to be of the largest	hanged on Tuesday, June 10.	stock.
jewellery	cf	annually in future upon capacity of its kind ever constructed in As Governor Von Wahl vai leaving the
m-viuwARE °uTffC? iri*Vk di*’f.*Jd *. by" aw ,t0 c.n.d., and cost in the neighborhood of circus of Viin., at .bout midnight, May *e *c	ihl* eff<Ct W,,‘ > df*ft?d et ?nee- I" 100,090. The company expect, to have «. Lekett wounded him with a revolver
fonner yeara the city imptxed a tax of itin working order in about three week. >o the band and foot. Gen. Von Wahl
$b0, but t ie commercial travellers went Mr. Poupore proposes to utilize the was formerly chief of police of St. Peters-before the legislature and had the law dredge in operations on the Montreal bar- bur* *nd had a great deal oi trouble
sHiiTiuB, 11 ssSitSiBvr m «tir i&fs; *“ “*
by a recent act p..aed in the leg.s'atnre, treat and Quebec. Mis. Beaeie Poison
Court Shawvillfl, |th9 Clty h” * tlgh ° ***'° enf0fCe * Ul' ^.‘bottle of champagne on the Sir
King’s Surgeon Talks.
(Corner Main and Plckanock Sts.)
-AND-
and
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION f(YS.
Summer Time Card.
O. N. AND W. RAILWAY.
JEWELLER
KEEPS
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa .>.05 P.M. + Train No. 102 arrives “	8.25 A.M.
o Train No. 108 leaves “
o Train No. 104 arrives “
§ Train No. 105 leaves “
§ Train No. 106 arrives *•
•f ~ Train No. 107 leaves
4- t Train No. 10S arrives “
7.45	A M.
6.00	P.M.
1.30	A M.
8.00	P. M.
9.30	A M.
6.45	P.M.
Rkpaikiw—
A SetCIALmr:
H. A. HODCINS.
Stories from South Africa pay the Boms estimate of the value of their war time European friends has greatly de c inod. The much vaunted sympathy of Great Britain's detractors only brought
And For This Give Thanks To ' | the bughera false hopis and disappoint-1 A little girl had listened during the
The British enemies the burghers	last few weeks while her parents discussed
fought with are bringing them help and	the high price of meats and vegetables.
Philadelphia, June 20.—Five thousand real friendship. The contrast should It had been the customery topic at the tons of Egyptian	sugar have	arrived	here	have	its effect. Things ouUide of, as	table, and the child had been heard to
from Alexandra	on	the	British	steam-	well	as in Africa, may help to the	speak about the high price to her play-
ship Green Jacket. The sugar was grown creation of an era of goed will.	| mates while “playing house" with them,
in a country which a few years ago was a barren waste, but baa been made rich by
U
\
I.O.E
And Meat so High!
«
IfeSTS.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
$
:t *
s
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 1UU leaves Ottawa 5.10 P.NL -f train No. 110 arrives “
•	Train No. ill leaves “
•	Train No. 112 arrives “
I	HHI I	.	. , + Daily except Sunday.
.	,	.	. •	« .	, Yesterday the mother presented the e Daily except Saturday and Sunday
A queer bequest visa contained in the family with a .bouncing baby boy, and § Saturday only.
will of a French gentleman, lately de the other child was well pleased. In Sunday only.*! ¦¦¦¦
ceased, tie showed hn great intersst in telling about her new brother to a neigh	Mondays, \\ cdnvMlays & Fridays only.
the red-headed girls rf his native city by bor last night she exclaimed • “The „
sm* s? rwsse	Je -ttwaasHfiST
providing dowenes for them. Nature— such a big baby when meat is so high T	42 Spark* St..
and not srt—must color the locks of the	___________ Ottawa, Ont.
girls who would benefit by the will.
•	*	î *	v
London, June 26.—According to Sir F. Treves who performed the operation on King Edward, and himself one nsr brethren oor-1 °f the greats*t living surgeons and ape-flitally invited. oialists on abdominal troubles, the chan-H. S. Barnett, F.S ces of death in cases of perityphlitis
where abscesses form, as in that of King I Edward are about one in three. The
S„ Fnderick T„,„	.,btl
the vessel appeared like a mass of bright crystals which in the dark exhibit a phoephosrescent light.
Britain.
i
Court dues mnst be pal 1 promptly every mon h.
M» 1
9.25 A M. 6.45 A.M. 4.H5 P.M.
L.B.C.
J. A. Cowan, R S.
R. W. Hodoins, C R.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SglTH, Proprietor.
s
tho period when death is most likely to occur, if at all, is from the fifth to the eighth day. He also expresses the opnion that the kn'fe should not be resorted ta until aeveral days have elapsed from the appearance of the symptoms unless the I One day last week two unknown men M * very acute one, in which were seen to jump from theC. P. R. surgical interference is necessary imme-, bridge into the river at Ottawa, and they
I ware drowned
A boar weighing 150 pounds was shot P. W. RESSEMAN,
'" J1»r°bi"n '	Cen. Superintendent,
A Fashionable Hair Ctrr, Good Shampoo, or A ClkaM Shavk.
Mrs. Ethei ington, of Us borne Township, dropped dead.
diately.
Your T



;


#	, s





L


###PAGE###6###
• ' *T7
J


IN msbsi OLD knulihd SWAM IN MONT PELEE’S CRATER*
' 1 ho truth ?" repeated Wntaon. "Yes. 1 saw it all. 1 know who Imd inspired Nellie. 1 know that she couldn't have been so stupid.”
"l don't understand.M "Mr Watson, do you honestly behove that a girl will fall in Jo\o with a man on somebody vise's recommendation ? Do you realty imagine that by praising a man you can make her marry him ?M Wntaon was dumb.
"Don't you see, I real bod that only a man could hnvo made su ail a mistake, and l made Nellie tell me everything "What Watson.
"And I believe she's as good as she's beautiful. Watson, l think could love that girl
"Has it only just occurred	to
you ?” asked Watson, coldly. Sylvester looked sheepish *•* 5 never realized it properly until now”
X ho stammered.
"I think 1 understand,” said Wat-



*
?
A

V

X
Watson's Advice 1
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
Within a Few Hours Afterward it was in Eruption—Experiences of Former Residents of St. Pierre.
À
t
1-1
That
Occurrences in the Land
Beigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
•%
.
x

trco ferns and bamboos, lay l ibbcun us smooth us a	o 1 *#.
Wo couldn’t see tlie red roofs of Prêcheur, but something that glittered like u diamond wo took for tho city of St. Pierre four thousand foot belli spite ot the rnufth oli$ib, lmck every foot of our
<•	<:***.• .j *	•>	son
"I’m tired of this sort of lii'c." said Sylvester, to his friend Watson. "VVIml sort of life ?” asked Wat-
Wo wore a handful of English people who inii.ihitadlBIH Creole city of St. Pierre, writes William Trowbridge, lu London Black ¦¦I l-’mi Angle the mi-
soft,
the old French
Britain’s cotton manufactured products are valued at £300,000 a day.
Watson, old man, do you—oojou think she
cavo for me ? I know I’m
could ever learn to—to
nut
and White
tivc people called us in their rapid patois. Because wo did mud I low us. things in the way of exploring their | having to
beautiful island—things very harm- j way through the forest, wo were not less and natural to person# in , fatigued, for a balmy breeze like strange countries, out utterly im-1 anodyne warn blowing down the possible to the well-regulated Creole, mountain, and we were too high to But Martinique, the Pearl of the An- foci the huh. The rest of the way tilles, was too fascinating to leave I was comparatively easy work, and without having seen it thoroughly, j it was with a feeling of intense So on fete-days and Sundays we hilnration, much as all those half-score mad English exiles slip- have sealed a great mountain expad the chains of work that tied us periencs, that we finally reached tho 1 . to the busy old world town and | summit.	> *
mountain,
the view was magnificent; the whole of Martinique warn spread out
T .	. , neath us, and on one hand St. Lucia
At the end of three months 1 had Jike n gruy ghost roeo
scon the blackened ruin, In a tangle out of the filmy (ea, while of aloes and wild banana trees, that on tho other, seeming almost was tho birthplace of the Km press nenr enough to touch, towered Urn Josephine; 1 had seen 11. M, S. Uia- green gigantic volcano of Dominica mond, as a rock on the sea near | __^t. Diablotin Fort de Fiance Is called, where In tho grand Rodney's
The Queen Victoria Alcmoiial Fund amounted on the 3rd Inst., to £1V4,-
worthy of her, but--
"No man is
“1 mean
interrupted Walton he added, hastily
enough for any good But we all know that. 1 —in n strained voice—"Miss
sot
Wh| , ruy life— the life I'm liv-
en id frnid
a fool Vve been,”
Miss Graham, I’m i Vve done Sylvester more harm than good.”
no
700
ii
Liverpool Corporation ham decided to spend £7,000 on tho coronation festivities.
The strike at Lord Penrhyn's slate
two
man is good woman
What’# the matter with it ? It » rot ten. i hate it.”
< 'omc
an
suppose
Graham is going Nx.lv, and 1 oon't know anyone move
you’ve got nothing to
"No, no," exclaimed France». "Don't make that mistake,M
"Then yon do euro for him ? You are going t
Ho broke off abruptly.
"Forgive me," ho said, after a pause. "The whole thing has been a piece of impertinence on my part I bo* x our pardon."
"Mr. Watson, T want to answer your question. Last night Mr. Sylvester asked me to bo Mr wife, and —1 tune his full permission to tell you this—you may congratulate us both !"
Watson looked at her with a white face. "1 do congratulate you." lie said, huskily. "I wish you both every happiness, Miss Graham."
"Thank you."
"Is it—to be—soon ?"
"What ?"
"The wedding."
"Whore wedding, Mr. Watson ?"
lie stared at her in surprise. "Why, yours, of course."
"Mine ? With whom ?" she asked, affecting deep amazement. Then, am though n sudden light had dawned upon her, "Oh, how silly of me !" she cried. "1 might have known you would misinterpret my words. I’m not engaged to Mr. Sylvester at nil •"
to marry somo-
grumble at. surely.
' You mean because I'm rich, and ftt t^nn you are." all that .sort of thing ?"	Sylvester flushed like n schoolboy
"Yes - particularly ‘all that sort of "Thank you," he said, simply thing,' by which 1 take it you mean jsn*t though. There are heaps of your exceptional mental and phy- j letter fellows. Watson, do you
sicnl---"	j think there's a chance for me ?"
•'Don’t he an idiot l « tell you! “Of course 1 do J\u sick of myself—sick of the whole j old fellow."
beastly show, sick of eating, and |	''	___
drinking, and sleeping, and enjoying | favor ?" myself. 1 suppose a man was meant for something better than that."
"Of course. But you're not doing j Mims tira hair yourself justice, old fellow. Eating I think and enjoying yourself isn't the sum word total tid your existence. Every child | that sort of thing.' on the estate knows better than that."
quarries has now lasted over
years.
Only twice during the last 37 years in London has April had »o little rain ns this year.
For a quarter of a century no new houses have been built in the Sussex village of Hlindon.
Reports to the London Board of Trade show that not a passenger was killed on British railways In 1901.
There was a deficit of £9,1.34 upon
the Huddersfield
Corporation Tramways during past year.
Lord Balfour, of Burleigh, who sprained his ankle in alighting from a cab, i~ able to attend to him olll-cinl duties.
Many gangs of cardRhnvpcr» from Australia. America and the tinent are to visit London for the coronation festivities.
Mr. Philip Clarke, who was for ninny years clerk to the lute Lord Unwell of Killowen, died recently at Tad worth.
Mr. llell, Town Clerk of Leicester, has been elected Town Clerk of the City of London at a salary of £2,500 per annum.
Bury Board of Guardians have decided to placard on the walls the names of 67 husbands v ho had deserted their wives.
ex-
it
who
Go in and win
scoured Martinique like thv common or garden tourists.
JOSEPHINE'S BIRTHPLACE.
1 üttV. Watson, will you do me a
Ixv-
WTl 1 ?"	%
Your sister's very friendly with
he ? Do
_______ton t_______________
she'd - silo'd l"il In u good for me ? Women understand
you
the workings of
the
But what ytot our ,, . ..eyes immediately around us war un-ohl wars u handful of canny. A lake of black water with-bluejackets for st yeral out a r|ppi0 ]ay |„ uhat looked like months laughed to acorn all cHurts I an jron CUp t^at might have belong-o( the redoubtable Ho drnaso to di»- e(, ,o a ginnt. u WM thc craU)r lodge them. 1 lud soon Behan/in,
King of Dahomey, exile and prisoner of state in Martinique, and photographed him in the midst of his i ..j almost wish I hadn’t come wives and children; l hud seen the nld to H_ wlth a certain nervous Fontaine Chaude, where high above dry ad; "there i» something myatcri-Uie s<in in the balmy air of a. bam- 0UB |n the terrible silence and pomo-hoo forest the fever-fit rirken 1 11nrlt tiling menafing in the dvsii>lato grini-soidiora bathe away the malaria| neee ^ everything in a hot sulphur spring that gushes out of the rocks; 1 had seen the wonderful Grade Anse, where the Atlantic breaks on the shore in billows
"I'll ask her," said Watson, turn ing away ids head.
"That's nothing," said Sylvester hurriedly. "I'm bound to look aftei the estate, of course, but—its au I Nelli# empty existence, all the same. Watson, I'm a miserable, lonely man."
lie's thc best fellow in tho world
con-
"H’m.
Nellie Watson cast a swift glance at her brother from beneath long lashes.
"If anyone deserves Frances Graham, ho does."
“lVm."
"lie’s the best match in thc neighborhood. '
From a worldly point of v iew, 1 thought you liked Sylvester,
Mont Pelec.
BATHING IN MONT FELEE
her
Watson gave a prolonged whistle. So that’s what’s the matter with
Now l understand, Sylvester, who is the lady ?"
1 ‘There is no lady
ter. flushing beneath his tan.
"Then I'm on the wrong track. It
isn’t matrimony
after ?"
[
he said
yo
i
replied Nylves-
youTe hankering
“Pshaw!" replied II—, "the volcano is extinct. Why, it han’t even smoked for nearly half a century."
We clambered down the aide of the
half a . mile long; 1 had made myself | cruter ,0 the jittIe lnke ,lt (Jl0 hot. hail-fellow-well-met at all the t sine», ^om ui>out one hundred and fifty where the Ircnch Royalist planters,	>1— began to undrew»,
with names like a page of rroiMBurt, ,.j ltlll going to swim arrose," he dispense hospitality as magnificently	"Come on, it will he some-
as in thc good old times. In a t|t|ng Say.” But tlio terror of tho woni 1 had seen everything that was yoloano wus on me, and 1 refused, to be soon in Martinique, cverj thing | j matched him with fascination as but looked into thc crater of Mont
Delve.
ye*
"But you said just now----
"You were to congratulate us ? Yes ; but 1 said that because we're ' not going to be married. It’s « ! great deal to be thankful for, you know. We both feel that—now." Watson continued to stare at the
To I el I you the truth, I believe murmured Sylvester, shven-
Nellie
it. is
ifcldy
"So l do."
"And there’s no reason why Miss Graham shouldn’t like him."
"No."
On analysis, the water of n spring on Ripon Racecourse has just been found with Epsom Balts.
When the alterations on Victoria
"Then why, for goodness sake, don't you get married ?"
"Well, I—I mean to. Tlmfs what I want to talk to you about."
"Why not talk to the Indy ?"
"Theie is no lady," repeated the oilier. "Not yet, at least," he added, confusedly.
"You mean to say there's no one you care about ?"
"No ; at least—well—no. That is, I'm not in love with anyone, you know."
Watson laughed. "I'm beginning to understand," he said. "There are lets of girls you like, and you don't know which to fall in love with.
to be strongly impregnated
"Well then---- ?
"Jim, can’t you guess why 1 don’t girl dazedly want Frances to marry Mr. Syl- "You fee," Frances went on calm-vest cr ?"	ly, "Mr. Sylvester isn’t a bit in
"Nellie ! You don’t mean love with me. He fancied he was,
bl t 1 pointed out. his mistake described to him at some length nil the sensations of a man who is really in love, and he had to admit that he didn’t feel like that at. all. Mr. Watson, when you declared just now that you had done your friend more harm than good, 1 contradicted
Station, London, at, present in prouve completed, £2,000,050
press
will have been sport on them.
A pauper who declined at Wigon Workhouse to do his allotted work explained that he was a Christian, and preferred to lie in bed.
It is said that Queen Alexandra, when driving in the park will use the grey ponies which the late Queen ordinarily drove at Windsor.
One shilling for each year of its age has just been paid in London for a dwarf Japanese larch 160 years The tree was only 24 inches
ho flopped shout in that black water, my	to stand
CLIMBING THE BURNING MO UN- | when he twice disappeared trying to
It’s too deep
1
n
you t
with him ?" laughed
In love
"Don't he silly. I've 1 want. No. it's you
got
Nellie whot
i thinking of."
"What do you moan ?"
"You know very retorted
‘You've got as much right
if 1
TAIN
touch the bottom
Two miles out of the town we for me and as cold ns ice," ho said passed the Usine Guerin, one of the when he finally came out. largest sugar factories in Martin- Towards sunset, without mishap, ique, which in these very days has we reached the beautiful little town been obliterated by the lava river of Morne Rouge, on a plateau suras it rushed with incredible velocity rounded with hills, which give it the down tho slope of Mont Telco. In appearance of having been the bed thc great yard strewed with newly- of a former crater. Some friends reaped sugar cane young Guerin was put us up for thc night. Wo were standing in the midst of his labor- no tired that vve went to bed at ere, who were singing a patois song once. We had not been n»le<sp a half
hour when 1 awoke in a cold sweat. At first I thought I wan dreaming that I was at sea. The wooden Hm^atiT to give us walls of tho room creaked like the Five miles further on at the timbers of a ship; there was a rum-
Mkc tho breaking of waves; tho rose | bed was swaying; 1 was vory dlzay, and it was very dark!
I’m
well	what I
Nellie, n trifle
mean
!v
to Frances as Sylvester, and were in Frances’ place 1 should know which of you two to choose."
"You're joking, Nell. A poor beggar like me has no right even to dream of Miss Graham."
"Don't be absurd. You talk ns though you actually were a beggar."
"I am. compared to Sylvester."
"If n woman is worth anything that makes no difference to her."
"But it does, it should, to the man. He has no right to ask her to share his poverty."
"Not even if he knows she loves him ?" asked Nellie, slowly.
"Nellie ! He doesn't know it. He can’t know it ! It's impossible."
"Impossible
with an odd smile she should love him ? Queerer things than that have happened, Jim."
Watson made no reply.
"Still, 1 suppose you know best," Nellie went on, in a tone of gentle
And so you really want me
Syl-
you
"Yes," said Watson.
"I only meant to say," she went on hurriedly, "that you had made no difference to his prospects, one way or the other. That if I had loved him. nothing you or anybody else could have said or done would have made any difference. The man 1 love---"
She stopped, and her face flushed a rosy ,ed.
Something ia her eyes quickened the beating of his heart
"The man >, *'u lo
oh
"it sounds idiotic, doesn’t it ?"
"Not at all. You're not the first man who’s felt like that."
‘Tin an awfully bad judge of women. Watson."
"Oh ! Perhaps you want me to recommend you a wife ?"
"Well—yes. At least, you understand," he added, quickly. "I'm not such a conceited ass as to imagine 1 can choose a wife as I .should choose a horse."
"No ; of course not."
"In fact. I daresay I shall have to
old
high.
On behalf of thc Cork Exhibition it is stated that all the best bands of note have been engaged to help in the entertainment of the crowds.
Sir Thomas Lipton suggests one steward to every eight of the King’s guests at the great dinner. This means 62,500 volunteers for the work.
It is now possible to send for n penny a letter from any part of the United Kingdom to any town in China where British post-offices are established.
as they worked to a weird African He bailed to us to stop, Mid insisted on our drinking a stiriAip-eup of nun and
luck.
fishing village of Prêcheur we found the parish priest pruning his trees in a quaint Creole garden. .11c made us breakfast with him, and an hour later we were climbing mountain on our hnrtly Creole pon-
tv ilr
he repeated in n low voice. "What of him ?”
"He is so proud," whispered Frances. "He will not speak, and yet— I have told him that I know—everything."
AWAKENING OF THE GIANT
the
ns k a good manv before any Loth will have me. But. o4 course has to make up one’s mind whom to
"II--!" I cried, when I could find
my voice. "O God, what has happened!"
\"lt’m only an earthquake! Go to
sleep," said II-, petulantly.
II--'» coolness gave mo courage,
but when I heard tho rumbling again, followed by the swaying and creaking, 1 got up and lit the candle. There was a sound of wailing and shrieking and thc howling of
dogsHHHPH
the house, and calling H into tho road. rJBU - M whole of Morne Bouge assembled in a panic
"Look!" said II-, who had fol-
WÊÊÊmmmÊmm
After three hour» hacking our way 1 turned in tho direct ion in which through the dense underbrush, we he pointed. A thin column of invoke came to a vast, rocky clearing, and issued from thc crater of Mont To-tftw towering In front of us in a lee. After over forty years thc vol-bla^o of dazzling sunshine the round cano had once more become active, summit of Mont Pelee — the'slowed Mont Pcleo fell asleep after that mountain, for there is no vegetation night to awake suddenly and more worth speaking of on the slopes of1 appalling in there very day», as all
Beneath the world knows. Who «hall ever of suy of a volcano that it is extinct?
one
ICS
long before the road
came to an end in the midst of a tiny negro hamlet mounted, sent tho ponies bark to St. Pierre by a negro lad, and armed maolietas—cutlnsws used for sugar cane—we began
repented Nellie, "Impossible that
It was not
i
It is stated that thc military authorities are saving up a Grenadier private, who measures 6 feet 101 inches in height to head the coronation procession.
Australian blue-gum timber has been chosen by British engineers for harbor works because it will sink if washed away, and will not endanger shipping.
ask
Frances ! You can’t mean
Here we di
Watson looked at his friend in amusement mingled with admiration.
Sylvester had spoken with tho utmost simplicity. There was not the slightest suspicion of mock modesty in tone or man tor. "And yet," thought Watson, "he is n man few women would say 'no’ to."
"Look here," he said, aloud,
"you’re sure there'» no one you’ve made up your mind to ask ?"
"No," replied Sylvester, hesitating a seal cely perceptible second.
"What a pity Nellie’s made up bor mind t-o marry Lowry. 1 could conscientiously recommend her !"
"Of course. Your sister's ripping.
However, Lowry's the happy man in that case."
"How about Hit a Vernon ?” asked Watson. "You were rather struck in that quarter, weren’t you ?"
"With her good tools,—yes," said Sylvester, "but—well—have you ever ee. n her in a temper ? I have."
"That settles her, then. There's Mol lie Branson. She's amiable and good-tempered, ns well as pretty."
She's too good for me."
''Which means that you don't care And Nellie began to laugh for her Well, them have you apparent reason thought of Lady Blanche- v
I have to think of her," returned "May I come Sylvester, with a whimsical smile.
"Then there is someone, after all!
"Must I speak more plainly still?" she asked, tremulously.
Without a word, he held out his arms to her.—Pearson’s Weekly.
with
reaping the
the ascent of Mont Telco, while thc whole population of tho hamlet,
and children, stood in
il» with
UNKNOWN NAMES
irony
to intercede with Frances foi
Famous People Who Travel Under Assumed Names.
vester ?"
"Yes.”
"You want me to tell her what ai excellent husband v our friend would make ?"
"Yes."
"You want me to point out how handsome he is, and how rich, and how — ahem !—altogether irresistible ?"
"Well, yes—something of the sort, in a delicate, tactful sort of way, of course. You'll know how to do it. Nell. Women understand that sort of thing."
"To they ? Perhaps. But not in the way you think."
"Wlmt do you mean ?"
"Never mind. Well, i'll follow your instructions. Jim."
"Thanks, old girl."
"Jim, how stupid you men are
for no
women
I was afraid to remain in
----, I went
There I found the
men
the single street regarding a silence full of timid curiosity. They never expected us to return, as
said to bo infested
It is n remarkable fact that there are many men and women famous the world over who, If they traveled under their real names would not bo known at all.
If you were to read in your paper some morning that Mr. and Mrs. Albert E. Wettin Would sail for the United States in a week you would probably pay no attention to it, yet Mr. and Mrs. Wettin are none other than thc King and Queen of England.
Mrs. Henry Schwerin is one of tho best-known women in thc world today. Her illness has been watched	____
with anxiety in every civilized coun- (f	DROUTH IN AUSTRALIA. ! thereabouts is described as being lit*
try of the globe. Mrs. Schwerin is ? J	A \	____ orally a place of skulls.
haps, but as Henry M. Stanley ov-	ir*	Australia is unprecedented, and
cry render of African history is fam-	forms thc climax of seven dry years,
iliar with his exploits. Howlands "GIBSON" BLOUSE JACKET. The losses of stock since 3H92 was his birth name, but he dropped “Gibson” blouses are among the new- amount to twenty millions, of which ; .	•
it for that of the man who adopted est of all coats, and are becoming to the fifteen millions have been incurred j ? _ him.	greater number of figures. This stylish since 1899. Agriculture is suffering
A man named Sud field is one of the model is made of cheviot, in tobacco correspondingly, and financial insli-greateat scientists of the day, and, brown, simply stitched with silk, tut ions interested in properties own-under the name of Dr. Max Nordau,	makes part of a costume, but ed by squatters arc badly hit. Bank
his writing has commanded the at- a11 suiting materials are equally ap- shares arc falling, mines shutting
propriate, and cheviot cloth, taffeta, pop- down, and thousands of men out of lm and moire velours arc all in vogue WOrk are drifting into the cities, for sepaiate jackets. I he original is where the State Governments arc e>*-made with the fashionable basque end | tablislilng relief works, plaited postillion, but the basane can be omitted and the postillion only use, or the blouse can be made without either terminating at the belt.
To cut tuis
the
mountain with serpents whose bite is death.
PARADISE FROM THE INFERNO
was
II


&
\
\
its last one thousand feet, over a veritable green
>
\
sea
us
A
i
/
e
#
of ft conference, have appointed n committee of engineers to devise a scheme of water conservation and
The committ » now
in, Mr. Watson ? Nellie told me I should find you
; here "
exclaimed his friend.	i Watson jumped from his chair in
"You don't uivteist<md. My rein- surprise. "Miss Graham ! I thought tions with Lady Blanche are of a you were at Furnleigh." strictly businesslike nature. She "So I was. I came over to writes letters asking for donations Nellie, on importai t business to her various charities, and J an bwvr them."
"What of Edith Vaughan ? manded Batson, after a moment's


11E PROMPT
Don’t live a single hour of your life without doing exactly what is to be done in it, and going straight through it from beginning to end. Work, play, study — whatever it is, take hold at once, and finish it up
then to the next thing.
"Oh !
"And I came partly to sec you, too." Miss Graham's tone was perfectly matter-of-fact.
"That's very nice of you," replied Watson, stupidly.
"Please don’t mention it," returned Frances, demurely. "You see, I felt I ought to thank you personally for the kindly interest you have taken in ray welfare. But how did you guess that I was looking for a husband ?"
"Miss Graham, I beg your pardon,
1 had no intent Ion bon. in confusion
She interrupted him with a little wave of her hand logise," she said.
indebted to you, really. To tell you thc truth, 1 had no idea Mr. Sylvester was such a paragon of all the virtues till you—till Nellie—told me
tentien of scientists the world over.
Milhali Lied was the name of an artist whose painting ranked him high in the estimation of the world and whose sad last days won tho sympathy of all who read of them.
better known as Michael
de-
putise
"I admire	her—at a distance,"
said Sylvester, solemnly.
"You’re hard to please, man. Cissy Talbot is a nice girl," remarked Watson, studying thc celling.
"She’s char ur with enthusiasm
The only districts which have coped thc drought arc the northern rivers of New South Wales and parts of the Kivcrina aggravated l»y
09-
equnrelj
without letting any moments drop between. It is wonderful to see Pho position is |mw many^oitrs these prompt poo- f
U	__ | I thc Federal fodder pje contrive to make of a day. It is
duties. Quantities of fodder were lia jf they* picked up the mo meats > formerly imported from New Zca- whit'll thf dawdlers lost. And if . land, but the tariff is practically yOU j}n(j yourself where you have so prohibitive. Recently the adjourn- many things pressing upon you that ment of thc Federal Parliament was y0U hardly know how to begin, let moved, and it was suggested that a U9 toll you a secret. Take hold of Recent experience shows that sci- six months’ suspension of the duties tjl0 vory nist one that comes to
should be authorized. This was hand, and you will find the rest all negatived.	fall Into tile; and though work may
Thc speakers quoted tho hardships hard to meet when it charges in of ono squatter who is paying £300 a s<iuafii it is easily vanquished if daily for fodder, and many £300 you bring it into line. You may have weekly for a mixture of straw and 0ften seen the anecdote of the man the treacle. They used the treacle for who was asked how he had acooin-tlic purpose of making the straw pal- pished so much
a table.	father taught me
go- Communications inland is paralyz- "wilcn ] had anything to do, to go ed, the waterways of the Darling an(j do it." There is the secret — and other rivers being unnavlgable. t^c tragic word "nowl" Make sure,
The steamers are tied to the banks, however, that what is to be done and arc floating listlessly. Thc wa- OUght to be done. "Never put off ter holes and wells are merely mud, till to-morrow what you can do torn id thc crews have been discharged,	is a good proverb; but don't
In the back blocks, a visitor to the do whttt you may regret, neighborhood of Bourke says, the people are living principally on rabbits, and it is a significant fact that the rabbits are starving. One place
Tie was Munkacsy
x
blouse in the medium size 4 1-4 yards of material 21 inches wide, 3 3-4 yards 27 inches wide, 2 1-8 yards 44 inches wide, or 1 3-4 yards 52 inches wide will be required.
said Sylvester, "Pretty and
Too much of the summer sun. Too much winter raining ;
But day by day We walk the way—
Wlnit's thc use of complaining ?
clever, too.
"Then what's to hinder you
began Wat
?
from
1
SCIENCE SAVES MONEY
interrupted Sylvester
"Watson
there’s someone you haven’t men
i
1
'Oh, don’t apo-I’m very much
tinned yet.
Watson gave a start. "Is there?" h<* asked.
"Yes. It’s curious, became I happen to know her rather better than any of the others. You know a hom I moan, don’t you ?"
"Not little Lucy Summering ?" "No. Frances Graham. You've said nothing about her."
"No," replied Watson, in a mechanical tone. "I’ve said nothing
Sylvester stared h/' naked. "Don t you like
Graham ?"
"I have thc greatest admiration for hçr." said Watson, quietly.
"My dear fellow, so have I •"
dried SylvosQly
twauliV •• oms» I know,"
ence should go hand in hand with colonization in tho development of new countries, and often it should be the pioneer. Sir Harry Johnston avers that the , British Government might have saved as much as $2,600,000 in the construction of Uganda railway if it had previously expended $100,000 fn enabling men of science to investigate tho ology, climatology, botany and other scientific aspects of the region. Germany and France have shown an appreciation of the great utility of such Investigations in the settlement and exploitation of their colonial possessions. Every day the practical value of branches of science commonly regarded as almost purely intellectual in their claims to attention is being demonstrated.
Too much weeping, doubts and fears, But there’s a rest remaining ; Earth has love*
And heaven’s above—
So what’s the use complaining ?
<
i
so
I never meant—I thought Nellie stammered Watson.
"Mr. Watson," »he went on. looking suddenly serious, "I agreed with Nellie in everything. I consider Mr. Sylvester a very fine fellow. I con-'Whftt’s wrong?"j aider that his wife will he a fortun-
Mits ate woman, but I—I'm afraid I’\e got a perverted sense of numor. and so. when Nellie hud finished. I—I couldn’t help it, I burst out laughing right in her face, and then Nellie She’s splendid, burst out laughing, too, end we #he ? She's the only really \ laughed, and laughed, till the truth
s .il ! f ly struck me."

"Wc arc wedded now, my darling," said the husband to the bride, "and henceforth we'll go together on life's journey side by side. We must bear each other’s burdens, help each other when we can, and, to make life hap-WBBMMBBBMUaahpilkt for
very
in his life. "My was thc reply.
would
I
t
i
a
1
pier, brighter
other plan. Let’s begin this morning—to start right is my desire-just you get up now, my precious, and construct the kitchen fire.' Sad, ah ! sad his disappointment, courage oozed from every pore, when his sweet young wife responded :
t
t
a
t
9
There is no blessing equal to th# blessing of a sUyit —
L
II
P'
to
Pi





X

###PAGE###7###
jMGRiTiON	discovered.[ssr
1*S ÏÏSTÎ&Tp.1?: :,°°Lll ««« 300.000 OF THEM 10 ?.?«
pliable wire.	SETTLE IN CANADA. *d lttW W01n#t allow thorn to live if
For the oyster-shell bark-louse use	- 1‘•aIT n'*i. .
1 or 3	T.»» \r ? ah . . — . Among those characterized as
jsrjsrsst=;r £ v°*	rSrsfâ*= &b k a *sc3£A ras^r-
apple which may b« treated In the	Tr.^tmeat.	ed and thrived here wh*n this ter-	Hospital
- »««—16“i-	K	-~f,¦*•>«¦,%
ÉBHBMI
«MMS
by birth and education. Some had of tight-lacing,	rt,1C shock of this news was not si on a 1 letter writers, with a scholar-
ly | grandfathers and great-grandfatherd Tho German Emocror «scribes his Imlllated for the father by the add- ly air, wearing spotless while tur-living or buried in this country long good health and vienr the evrel- cd information that the married life bans and long white cotton cloaks, before tho present dynasty omigrat- lent advice given to him bv his of his 9011 had been such that he ( sit around with ink horns and blocks ed to Roumanie from Sigmnringen. favorite doctor -,nd ho h«s lomnt i,v had separated from his wife within of paper in convenient corners, shvl-As to their occupation, tho ma- heart the latter’s “rule of life’' a fortni«ht of the marriage, where- tered by umbrellas from the heat of jority were artisans, bricklayers, which is as follows • Fat fruit for upon sho had returned to her oo the sun, Just ns they have done in Duke carpenters and joiners, tailors, bak- breakfast. Eat fruit for lundi cuDütion of waitress at a London the public places of Jerusalem since erf. and —the like ; thirty or forty Avoid pastry and hot cakes. Only more were small farmers ; 150 had i take potatoes once n day. Don't worked on farms—not a saloon- drink ten or coffee. Walk four miles keeper, horse dealer or potty banker every day, wet or line. Take a bath among them.	I every day. Wash the face every
night in warm water. Sleep eight hours every night.

.1
a wife ; a widow wtioev lu >-lived
FOR FARMERS
The French r+ru
was, however, postponed xjn# die ; when it hue taken place the direr ted Englishwoman may appeal tm
law of
1 L.'g»
SOME SECRET MARRIAGES CURIOUSLY DISCOVERED.
IhS
Seasonable and Profitable Minis for the Busy Tillers #f the Soil.
__ Ijher country to tjluaa> 1er
from the man wlio ha» released hi nr-self from her—London Tit-Bite.
f-
I KHi GROWERS* ENEMIES.
JAFFA GATE OF JERUSALEM.
Thtjm are four kinds of Insect enemies against which the applo-grow-er hat to light. There arc those which	devour	the foliage, those
which	boro in tho woods,	those
which occur in the bark, and those which attack tho fruit. But all insects fall within two dusses, which can bo separated by the nature of their mouth part». In the intelligent a«e of remedies a consideration of this point is of the utmost imporb-• mice. In tho class of biting insects, Wturfi have jaws with
The Busiest Spot in All Palestine,
—Strange Scenes.
or
, »
i
A BUSY SCENE
oven torn you suit».
The femodiei are numbered for easy reference, and to avoid confusion.
l’mulsion.—Dissolve half a pound of whale-oil soap in one gallon of rain water by boiling ; take from fire, and while hot turn in two gallons of kerosene (coal-oil) I Cost and churn briskly for five minute». I Before using add nine parts of
BRITISH FEERABE FEES
1. Kerosene
ITS MANY DIVISIONS AND INITIAL EXPENSES.
of the Robes.—The of Wellington's Many Titles.
restaurant. She had regularly ro- I the days of David. Moneychangers ccived an allowance, and therefore have little tables with piles of coins hud no interest in disclosing the ! before them ; dealers in pottery, secret until her husband’s death, 1 saddlery, groceries, bread and other A street accident near the Marble necessaries of life required by tho Arch, London, brought another so- caravans have little stands against crot marriage to light. A cyclist the walls. Arab and .Jewish girl» was knocked down and run oxer by I are about chaffing their admirers and a railway van on it» way to Pad- selling baskets of fruit ; venders of dington Station. The cyclist, who lemonade and sherbet, with pigskins was seriously injured was convoyed hung over their shoulders, which to an hospital arid his relatives were lo°k as if they would burst with communicated with. In his pocket-! their contents, clink their brass cups book tho police found some visiting- with a musical rhythm to attract ut-cards bearing his name and an a<j. | tention. Sharp-looking old men of-dress in Bayswatcr ; also a letter *or tho camel drivers rosaries, beads addressed to him by someone living i and amulets to hang around the in Camberwell, who subscribed her- necks of their animals to keep off self as his wife. Naturally they the evil eye ; itinerant barbers do a communicated with the latter as well brisk business all day out of doors, as those with whom he appeared by | shaving the heads of the Bedouins, his cards to live.	! You can hire hero horses, saddle»,
It consequently happened that ' camels, donkeys and any other kind while the gentleman’s mother and °* beast by the hour or the day or Who is the oldest Church of Eng- sisters were standing by his bed a j thc week, or by the distance ; you land clergyman in the world ? Pos- woman, deeply agitated, entered the'Can charter camel trains for	any
sibly	tho Venerable VV. M. Cowper,	ward and pushed her	way to	the !	Phice within the limits of Asia Minor
for many years Dean of Sydney. lie	bedside. One look at the	face of	the!	or Lgypt ; you can contract for tho
said a	patriarch.	*s on	tbo verge of ninety-three. Sev-	injured man was sufficient	to tell	her j	tramportation of freight to any
.	"But	the	cnfcy	years have passed since he	who he was and that he	was pastand you can buy or sell any-
Ox- mortal assistance, and sho	(thing that is marketable. ________
With
wa-
ter
Ü. Paris Green.—One pound of Paris William Pitt once recommended to green, one pound of fresh lime, and George III. that any man with an add to 200 gallons of water.	I income of #100,000 a year should bo
For dry application.
income of #100,000 a year should bo made a peer if he so desired.
It would be possible, according to
COMING TO CANADA
take one
pound of 1 ai is green, with 50 poundsi	— . .	— i	» —o------— -—	• »	* i i>	..	, .
of flour, land plaster, slack lime or an EngIish PaI*r» to support a peer- broken men and women said they Lord Brassey, after completing yet
a other perfectly dry powder ' age on an income much less than hoped to reach the Hirsch colonies anothcr cru,so 111 llls .vaclit the Sun-3. Whttleoil Soap —For young in-10**1 Indeed, many a peer of recent in Northwestern Canada by the mid- beam has returned to his house in sects (scale)—Use one pound in five cr0Ation‘ ft9 wcl1 ns of ancient date, die of June. Numerous friends and £?rk Lane, London, for the season, gallons of water. For Aphis—useM® aWe t0 Inaintain bis dignity with compatriots of theirs are also going Slnce he first took t0 yachting,i one pound in 8 gallons of water I great success on #50,000 a year or there before and after the law al,out fifty years ago. Lord Bras ey For San Jose Scale—In winter use 2 ev6n lea9‘ But the imavoidable ini- against Israelites takes effect. All hus saI,ed ueaily 280,000 knots in a pounds in one gallon of water	tial expenses which a peer is called carried testimonials of their former dozen yachta; tho tonnage of which
p4._Tobacco and Soap Wash.—For upon to defray tota! UP at'tho very Mayors or village elders proving !a8 ra?ged lrom /ix’e to 11X0 bun-pi an Wive or aphis»—Soak in hot wa- least close on $1,000.	good conduct. None had been fined dr , ”la study at Park Lane
ter for a	few hours 10 pounds of to-	Flrst °* a11» there are big fees to	for a misdemeanor even.	Lord Brassey has a huge lolled map
bacco leaves (home-grown will do) •	1)0 Pald* There arc five grades of	Further written testimonials	by	°.f th® wo,ddi 80 marked with red
strain off	and add 2 pounds of whale	"ability—baron, viscount, earl, mar*	the authorities showed that	the	11,ncs that ll 19 P?fsilj,e to tell at a
Stir until all is dissolved	S"**' and du*°- The fee for a baron	average wage of these people	was	g ance tho exact itinerary of every
to 40 gallons. Apply	,s *750» of n viscount $1,000, of an	about twenty cents a day ; the	wo-	VO).age and the d,staacc covered
three times atlearl *L250, of a marquis $1,500, men got eight to nine cents for euih'
and of a duke—the highest rank in twelve or fourteen hours’ work in tho peerage—$1,750. Part of these the fields at harvesting lime, fees go to the national exchequer
and part to support the College of our homes ; wo even added to Arms in Queen Victoria street, by savings yearly,"
of arms and who acted as spokesman
government in Bucharest thought we j graduated at Magdalen Hall, were getting too rich. As a matter ! ford, and received ordination, of fact, we were no better off than ! tho exception of three years spent
oui Christian neighbors, though woj a* a curate in Dartmouth, the whole | Naturally, this strange incident ° | were compelled to work harder. And'0* bis long ministerial life has been was not lost upon the mother and J so they sent us away "	j Passed in tho diocese of Sydney. His stovers, who, after all was over and
The poor people	had to sell their	brother, the late Sir Charles Cow-	before leaving the hospital,	interhuts and furniture	for a mere pit-	Per» wa9 five times Premier of New	viewed the stranger, who
tance. Only tho well-to-do of each	South Wales, and was Agent-General	heard to say, *'l am his wife
community carried	their household	*or the Colony in London during the	broken-hearted widow. 1 have	come,
linen along. The	rest had to part	closing years of his life.	acknowledge mo. I wrote to him yes-
all of jrhfch	can	be	destroyed	by	the	on's	coronet has	a plain circle of ! 1,118 lhor* 8p?ak9 ,to u? ln the	ly used by the Georges, who had a	French lady of wealth and rank,	and
same means.	gold	surmounted	by six silver balls. 1 toagl‘® of. °l,r Lord 1 here is even	habit of quarrelling with their sons,	she confceeoi- in
Destroy tctffc caterpillars by spray- The circle of gold in a viscount’s000 of	prophets before members of the royal family * PAROXYSM	¦
ing the trees with poifcons us given coronet is jeweled, and there arc d U 1	\,s ?wn hanr,s . can marry they will have to obtain	‘	ILAK.	A novelty in weddings Is reported
in either number 2 or 6 directly	thel twelve silver balls. From tho jew-! A lhc	agent	of the Baron do Hirsch	King	Edward’s consent or the mar-	that sho had	secretly married him	from Bethuno, in France, where, on
young caterpillars arc noticed.	All ; oled circle of gold in an earl’s cor- ! Aseocmtion	accompanying tho cmi-	riag0	[a void. George III. managed	before he left	England, and had been	the same date, in one family, gold-
tents should also be cut off and	de- j onet rise eight points, also of gold, g!*a!l,	sald	t,mt ,ie ,la9 to travel \Q B0CUrc this power by means of	silent about the matter because of	on, silver, and premier weddings
st.royed early before the leaves hide, upon each of which there is a silver j tthea<1	undc'.r	ftn assumed name to	y,e	Royal Marriage Act, in conse-	the father of	her husband, who, he	were celebrated, tho whole party at-
th^m-	ball,	and between each point, close1 VU1< nlieetlng	crowds of poor1	qucnce to bjs brothers marrying sub-	8ftid» would be greatly incensed	at tending the parish church. Tho
Green fruit	worms	should	be	treat-	to the circle, is	a gold strawberry 1 r.ewa uwho dea1lredJ to ]yQ taken along. !	jects, to his great annoyance.	his marriage with a foreigner.
ed to number 6.	leaf. Tho coronet of a marquis ha» though entirely destitute. ' Take us	a_______	The thunderstruck clergyman
Cankerworm can be destroyed with	B row of silver balls, placed not on	I as 8®r?*anl8’ '	,the? cried » "we w,]1	PIT77T	T,nn	QMntrpna	once	consulted	his	solicitor,	who ad
2 or 6 as soon as the caterpillars	| points but on the circle of gold, and	Work for yotl	in America until our |	1 UZZLh,	1	OR	SMOKERS.	vised	him	to	take	his	daughter
" -	•	(between each is a gold strawberry | puS8age u]oney is paid, if it takes A very curious fact concerning to- Paris and put the matter before the
The apple Aphis can	be	destroyed	j jeuf ; and a duke’s coronet has	a I	„Tyea'8:	.	bacco	smoko	is the remarkable	young man’s father, and,	if	necessary
wreath of gold strawberry leaves! on * ,cavo.us 1,0 ®tarve,”	wailed j change	of color	which it undergoes	even before his fiancee.	At
’J he Insects attacking the wood are over the jeweled circle of gold. The xvo,nvi1 and children, “there will bo ! after entering the mouth. From the , same time, he pointed out that as principally the flat-headed	borer and	goldsmith’s charge for making	a nothing oft	for us but that	when	burning end of a	cigar the smoke is-	the French law had not	been
the round-headed borer,	and the best	coronet ranges from 450 guineas. 1	u‘ new *RW	8°ea into effect.”	sues in	deep blue	threads, while that	formed to inggg
remedy for both is a regular treat-	Among other expenses	of a peer	The agent says, 'The situation	1	which	is	expelled	from	the	mouth is
ment every June Just before the time	are a fee of $50 to the	College of |	crie8 to heaven. If the great powers	|	of	a	decidedly	brownish tint,
the eggs are usually laid, with de-	Arms for a grant of arms, a tax of	wh° confirmed	Roumanian Indcpend-
terrenl washes such as number 5, or	two guineas a year for displaying	cnce at the	Berlin Congress allow
tho same with crude carbolic acid	these armorial bearings	on his car-	this outrage, they will forfeit their
added in the proportion of one pint	rlage, and a further tax	of about #5	claim to. civilization and Christian-
t.o 4 gallons of tho wash, to be ap- a year for engraving them on his %y plied with a large brush to the private note paper	1
bark of the tree trunks and larger limbs. When a tree is infested, the presence of the grub may bo deby
pushcsz out of its burrows and by I lion pairs of gloves yearly.
Tho badly frightened and heart-
oil soap
and dilute 3 early and two or
5. Alkaline Wash.—For borers—Reduce soft soap to the consistency of thick paint by the addition of a strong solution of washing soda in, , . water. If applied with a brush dur- whlch a11 Questions ing the morning of a warm day, this | heraldry are decided
will dry in a few hours and form a tenacious coating solved by rain.
on
* 4
On this wo could live, as wo had
our
IT IS A SINGULAR FACT
not easily dis-1 that when Wellington took his seat
in the House of Lords for the first 6. Poisoned Bordeaux Mixture for time, on June 28, 1814, he Was L Fungi and Inspects on Fruit Trees— baron, a viscount, an carl, a mar Dissolve 4 pounds of copper sulphate Quis and a duke all rolled into one. (blucstone) by suspending it inside These dignities had been conferred a wooden or earthen vessel contain- upon him from time to time in their ing 4 or 5 gallons of water. Slake 4 order by distinct grants for his ser-pounde of fresh lime in another ves- vices during tho long war with •el. If
FELL IN A DEAD FAINT
WANTED REAL POWER
I suppose you expect to be Prime Minister some day, Willie?" said the iller, pleasantly,
"Not much," replied promptly.
• What!" exclaimed the visitor in
Think what a great man the Premier is, and how great his power!"
"Willie likes his mother," but doesn't think the Premier has ough of it."
“Not much he don’t," interject-
"There's always people
was over-ami
Willio,
astonishment
power," exclaimed I suppose he
en-
an
od Willie calling him down."
“Ah. perhaps you'd like to be an autocrat—like the Czar of Russia," suggested the caller.
"No," returned Willie, cmphatical-
Hc has heard about the trouble that the Czar has in keeping out of tho way of bombs," said his motli-
•*
NOVELTY IN WEDDINGS
grand father and grandmother of the at bridegroom, aged eighty-eight and ! seventy-mix respectively, celebrated to the fiftieth anniversary of their wedding. while the bridegroom’s mother and father celebrated their twen-thc ty-fifth year of wedded life.
appear
with 3 or 4
lit
con-
thc munner in which the marriage had been contracted,
it was in tho power of the young A New South Wales correspondent husband to repudiate his wife so says that a shepherd of Hargreaves, long as he remained beyond the near Mudgec, hnm tried dentistry for reach of English law ; in a word, sheep with great success. He had the marriage was not legal and a valuable ram which found great binding in France.	difficulty in masticating its food
This wns tho defence set up by the owing to the loss of teeth. Artificial Frenchman, his father, and his flan- teeth were inserted, and the animal
the secret marriage was has fjincc vigorously attacked its
ind, pr< le fod	is believed t•	<• the
1 « appeals r thsrtnnd	o first experiment of the i Ind x* the
j young lady returned to IttT fail sii
SHEEP DENTISTRY
SOLDIERS' CONSOLERS. ,
Tlie can tin lores form n rank which Is peculiar to the French army. Though I have travelled all over j Each regiment has a woman attend-Roumnnia, I ha\e yet to find a ' ant who is a sort of nurse and con-mayor or police president who rays solcr, to tho young soldiers cspecial-that the Jew is not a good citizen, ly. Sho is not young or handsome,
districts tho numlter as a rule, and is often married to a lews is from soldier of the regiment.

cee when
made known to them
The United Kingdom uses 38 mil- Whv. in
the borings
which It
»

of criminals ai
t


r







V
###PAGE###8###
Dollars and Sense.
E. HODCINS ii SOS'S A DVT.
HOLD UP
&5RT——
Devoid of all Sentiment and on a purely Business Basis we ask your Trade
Haying Tools.
* 9Ks£S3UEtSSl3RBH3IBHHIM^B
Scythes,
Snaiths,
Rakes,
Forks.
a minute ami rend this, if your clothes are beginning to approach a condition of Innocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary ta discard them. We want your patronage—not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why ? Our stock is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suits it enables us to sell no cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right.
Wo do not claim to sell cheap goods. What wo do claim is we sell good Goods at a low Price. Wo
have made a study of the Shoe trade, consequently stock is free of all old styles and narrow toes. Wo buy Shoes direct from the best manufacturers middle man’s profits for you to pay at the Shawville Boot and Shoe Store.
our
No
our
*
*>
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
M. STEWART.
Main Street, Shawville.
The Barondale Veterinary IV|edicines.
T. W. WILSON & GO.
Machine Oil,
Castor Oil,
Harvest Mitts,
At Lowest Prices.
te
Vi
\
Your kind attention is
-v
directed to the following
features :
After Using
Before Using
Silks and Satins are moving freely.
In Dress Materials there is a more pronounced demand for plain goods.
Steadily developing activity is noted for Linen and kindred Fabrics with twine-colored Muslin to match.
Muslins.—Last week was a record-breaker in the sale of Muslins. With the advent of hot weather we throw our whole stock of beautiful Muslins to the mercy of the public regardless of profit.
Prices range from 5c. to 50c. per yard.
Lace Curtains and Curtainettes are being freely bought.
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this season of the year require something to purify the blood, remove the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a healthy condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines Is highly endorsed, by nil who Use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Ti STI MONIAL.—About as bad a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed ¦i one brought to my stable recently. I was in a great way to cure him if possible, hut >o bad was it i had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Barondale Heave Cvre was recommended to me and I procured a bottle. I gave him only two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied anv person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good efleet I might say that this horse was afterwards sold to a Oipsvy— the best of judges of horses—who after driving him considerably, on a warm «lay. failed to sec the least sign of a defective wind.	Yours truly, JOHN BVRKE, Ottawa.
For sale at—
A Good supply of
Yarns, Blankets & Kerseys

J. F. Croruu's, Ladysmith. Silas Young s, Starts Corners. BHHHAn. H. Lucas', Caldwell
Wm. Moore's, Cltor Lake
O'Meara Eros’, Bryson ;
T. &. D. Rousseau's, Campbells Bay ; J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
Now In Stock.
Drug Store, ShawvWe ;

To supplement tho loss of butter fat in milk, take for 12 calves over two months
- For a number of years I have W old, four cup. of fl.x aoed, put it into a most of mvcows dr p their calve, in the ^rnmonMove pot an 1 hi. up with water.
late fall or ' early winter," eaya Duncan , ^ tin. after dinner and ahow.it to ..«¦
"••h «- ........wwe £Risr.rsa m
sktm miik. The Hour is used to counter-
Calf Feeding
E. HOGGINS & SON.

Our Grocery Department will be fourni replete in every respect

r. W. WILSON & GO.
THE FAVORITE
in winter, milk tcirly ys well in t ie
their beMna,^ow1tethaltIlc°l.moSinreh“!rh m *f tha ¦««»'•>»» «Ûuct. of tho flax seed
Caro must be used at first not to over
within one month from the date of "last publient ion of this notice.
VI lie Marie, June 12* li.HXC.
defendant.
Tho defendant is ordered t j
I
within one month from tho date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th, 11)02.
A. E. GUAY,
C. C. C.

K*. «KutLh:''rT'TncÛ2 fWbuttowurkupgradu.l.ytowh,,!
rested in the early fall, when the pastures	mentioned with shun mi k flax
are at their poorest. At that time the ?eed te*' r00."' topped osfa and clover
grass i, generally dry, parched and burn	»»d »«•* c,::|n£°‘t?b "* *,a[m Pens
cdup. A. we raise on the skim milk kept clean and well bedded. Calves can
^¦*HSS5
a fair nurinrl for r««t and rAPlineration — akl,n mlik- *** Careful tO have the pail «ftOt.
Aff«ra Lma tu,m of t-xn< l ienee have from which the calves aie fod as clean H	The defendant is ordered to	appear	Province of Quebec, District	of Pontiac,
long milking so,son, resting when the mJk.rg pails, in not too large ^uan-	» ill® Marie, June 12th, 1902.	incorporated body having its	head office
grass is poor, that in winter dairying ftle». »nd regularly, there will ba	A. L. Cl AY, In the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus
asseesa
winter or fill calf is quite as heavy at two °^lt *n evening. Thus they w..l <i\ old	Circuit Louifc for the C ounty of I	onLac,	within one month from the date c>t last
and one half years as a spring ca'f is at tho hot sun and ei* " bole or chopped	sitting at Ville Marie.	publication of this notice,
three year. old. There i. a gain of six oate should be fed. A mixture of whole No. 43 _The hank erf Ottawa, an VlUe Marie, June 12th, 1802. mouths in the age of the ca'f, the reasen ®nd chopped oats, about a cupful twice a incorporated body having its head office
for this being that it is weaned off the day for an ordinary 8 zed calf on good At the City of Ottawa, Plaintiff, versus	, iv ? i * # n *«
%*%%%? tc-At »ïï‘*vrri-S2îas
the fall it is a go,d strong lusty yearling, '• no‘h'nS '«j»»1	cor" run 'hrou8h defendant.	No M.-The bank of Ottawa
and winters much better than a spring l:u' <• jtting box and mixed with some The defendant is ordered to appear incorporated body having its bead office at
calf, which is just weuned in the fall and 0	...	.	,.	within one month from the date of last the City of Ottawa, pi* in tiff, versus
goes into wm-er.	Thti ™a,n Poln ,n 0llf feelln8 » ** publication of this notice.	! ' Towns,l,iP ?f
When a calf i, dropped it is not good never allow them to stop growing, and m Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.	unknown defen,U,t	’ " V
a: 1%.c c c Ànsns ns
*---«•	ass	%% s&,.,, «
ways brings the moat profit, and the best »' t,n« at ™le .MarJe- . .. #
» o. 43. The bank of itawa, an pr0vince of Quebec, District of Pontiac incorporated body having its head office at Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac the City of Ottawa, p'aintitf, versus sitting at Ville Marie.
Norbert Menard, farmer, of the Township . No 63.—The bank of Ottawa, of Duhamel, County of Pontiac, defen- ‘«corporatad body having its head office
J	at the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus
mi i , , . .	, , ,	Isaie Lavoie, farmer, of the Township of
I he defendant is ordered to appear Laverlpchere, County of Pontiac, now of within one month from the date of last parts unknown, defendant, publication of this notice.	The defendaht is ordered to appear
Ville Mari >, June 12th, 1902	within one month front the date of last
a p rjTTi v ft f* n publication of this notice#
A. ft. OL A i, l. L. C. v-ille Marie, June 12th, 1902.
A. E. GUAY. C. C. l

COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.

Province of Quebec, District of Pontia< Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac sitting at Ville Marie.
No. 50.-The bank ot Ottawa nn In porated body having its head office in i City of Ottawa, plaintiff,
Victor Dagenais, of the Township of Duhamel, County of Pontiac, now of parts unknown defendant.
The defendant is ordered to appear within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
cor
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
tho

versus
AT
WAINMAN’S.


> 4
A. E. GUAY, C. C. t

Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.

A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
A. B. GUAY, C. C. C
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
an
G. E, WAIBîlâSrSnA-WYILLE-

F. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.

Wedding Rings
gets excited, and some nervous cows remain so for the boat part of a week.—•.
Better results are obtained by removing | Practical results
tha new born calf without alllowing the mother to lick it. Rub it dry with a wisp of straw, put it into a roomy dry, warm pen, free from frosts and drafts, and give it no milk for the first twelve hours.
When a calf is hungry it is not nearly so much trouble to teach it to drink. The
first two weeks it should h.ve a quart of T1	.	. • .	, T>
taken fi «Tnoon' mük"i.“warned	“CourtVtheCounty'"of Po£tS£
milk, giving about three quarts of skim ° , e Townshipyf Duhamel, now of parts mtheCitv of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus incorporated body having its head office ¦u ilk twice a div Bv this time the unknown, defendant.	Onenime Baroque, labourer, of the Town- in the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus
publication	within one month
Ville Marie, Juno 12th 1902.	publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12. 1902.
V
F. W. Hods >n, Live Stock Commissioner
Ï
an
See our large assortment of 10-K, 14K. and 18K. Seamless Wedding Rings.
dant
Public Notice
Our Wedding Kings are all that they should be or can be—there are none better and few as good—and rb-'
member—Quality.
Bear in mind our Wedding Rings as well as the other goods we sell are just as represented.
A. E. U LAY. C. C. C
V J
e pulped roots chopped ed clover hay. If a
meal should then be and well sa? separator is not used and the milk is set in shallow pane or deep setting cans, it should always be warmed to new milk heat befi re being fed. or too hot it is apt to produce bloating •ud scours. When through careless feed ing, scouring is allowed to become chronic
The defendant is ordered to appear within one month from the date of last publication of this notice.
Ville Marie, June 12th, 1902.
A. E. GUAY, Clerk Circuit Court
: : W HYTB::
A. E. GUAY, C. C. C
A. k GU A Y, C.C.C
I
...... , .. -	, - , "TT. . . , T1 .	Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac,
If it is fed cold I Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac, Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac,
Circuit Court for the County of Pontiac | sitting at Ville Marie.
sitting at Ville Marie.
No. 41.—The bank of Ottawa, an I incorporated ixxly having there i* no remedy. When a ctlf is uot I incorporated body having its head office K*1® City of Ottawa, P
do,ng well break an egg into it, mi*; tkU at the City of Ottawa, plaintiff, versus	Gui%2TnoTd pwt!
acts like a tonic and adds strength to Us | Edmond D. Desiardma, labourer, of the I unknown. defendant.
Township of Duhamel, County of Pontiac,
John Sherry, a farmer, who resided in Tyendinsga, was driving to Belleville when he fell out of a buggy on hi# head and wes instantly killed, his reck being broken. Sherry was foity-five year* of age and is survived by a wife and five
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac House,
No. 49.—The bank of Ottawa, an
it# head office In lalntilT. versus
Shawvilk
The defendant is ordered to appear1 children
ration



