###PAGE###1###
jr









#




V
f. X
%
No. 20. 20ra Y"bar.
SHAWVILLE
PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, OCT. 30, 1902.
)
fl.00 a Year in Advance.
MIlunery,—0° t° Mrs. McOedie's At î°n have them preserved In an up-to Elmaide for Fall MlUlnery.	date frame a select stock of mouMle
In order to meet the demand for crayon	^
enlargement# I can fulfill orders at price» i v n * j--—-----------
that can't be beat elsewhere. Every pic- Val ,H,lt And some men who had formerly t ure Is guaranteed to he an artistic re pro- worked with him recognized the features
S.BSE” r'-
Imison*# Photo Studio. I l?ey c j 8we,ar *.f uec(l l>e to his identify.
Deceased warn buried as the husband t f
v	,™s* ''yeeffh Vaillant, but some weeks
lV>w that the deer hunting season is on, W*r she heard that her husband was when many inexperienced persons will "till al ve, She refused to believe it, bo out with long-range rifl s, it may be however, until she should see him. On
-- - —« •—* « I titzrs	*st
reasonable rates.	| in the woods, hut wait uufil you are posi* Canmbell s Hay. He was in Ottawa on
• Farmers notes bought and collected.	lively sure of what it », and that no one , the day of his supposed funeral. The reMoney transferred to all parte of the world.	*n ^‘e	*’ire witliiu a reasonable ; semblance in appearance of Mr. Valliant
distance. Every sca on a number are to the the de eased is iwritcularly SAVINGS DANK.	| killed, ahnoit invariable through care- ! noticeable^^****	mm
Be as careful about	as
you want others^ to be about yourself.
I Dead Office
OTTAWA, CANADA.
......... 12.000,000
......... 1,706,000
Capital paid up
OF CANADA.
mg*
font
Board of Dindon:
Charlsh Maoib, Ehq., President.
Oeorob Bay, k*q., Vice-President.!
How. Ujdo. Butm»*, Ja.	John Mather, I*q.
Alsi. Ehahiu, Beq , David MacLahsn, Bey. t Dsmnis Mrarnr, Ehq.
Boots and Shoes
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Head Office, * • Montreal,
- $6,000,000.
OBOROKBURN D. M. PINN1K
General Manager. .. .. Manager,
Branches !
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin.
Kemptvlle,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
HHAWVILLE BRANCH.
Alexandria, Amprtvr, Avowuore, Bracebrtdge
Carleton Hawkeebury,
Lanark, Parry Souad Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winnheeter, Renfrew
We are now showing a complete range of Footwear of the newest shapes and finest material obtainable.
do
do Bank fit Place, do Rideau St. Toronto,
do Somerset St. Winchester, Vankloek Hill, Smith's Falla
IN MANITOBA:
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
,	, Hull, .
Shawlnlgan Falla.
Agente In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agent# In St. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank.
Agents In London, Bug.—Parr'# Bank Lt'd.
A Gang of Opportunists
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lare and upwards and Interest allowed.
Orrrre Hours Saturdays .
Bear Story Contradicted.—In the first place the whole story was false.
There is no such person am Mrs. Prichard Kelly ; neither was their t n pans or
Manager. | stick used Mr. Win Smith shot a hear “Th* T rSt-ZT i .1	,
tës $ EIBS81
Wanteii At Once, At The E y city , neT „	-- thu do^s remained under the tree while Pnrtu,i'»ts actuated by poor scltish mott-
asasss'ar' —¦ SSS tpzpatrai g-Març zz a
•». »• . wy.-tt. b* ssr—» »• ¦***	.was. ts- sws ™.s.“ ss?
n< sn (ongrt nation heic for the past two	--	*+¦	-	ther was any on? afraid.	strange, but it ia true, the men whom
years, has removed to Newington, Ont. I he party of srorts who have hunting	One Who was Tueur Tarte has most ill-used in his dsy of
at Phillip» Lake, had succeeded in bagg-	v ' power will not turn against him to day,
mgewht deer up to Saturday night last. Remarks.—The story as rJated in out will turn against thoee whom he de-This is a greater Humber than has been last week’s paper was.subfltantially as re- precated and made small in the eyes of Miss Lummis’ Oroermount, was visit- taken in the same locality for some years fated to our reporter,'save that our error the country, the men who bent to his whip mg at Mrs. Dilworth’s this week.	past.	was made in the name, which should and whined like curs, but who are now
The gireV guild of St. Paul's Congre- According to the Pembroke Standard, ^aye be n M,a. Ruggie, instead of Mrs turning their back upon him, because gat ion will hold a social at the residence Mr. C. W. Spencer, the General Superin rtfehard Kelly. As the story seemed to the great Sultan has tired of his Vizier of Mr. J. L. Shaw’son Thursday evening tendent of the Eastern Division, C. P. R. Pretty gon(l one, we lie sorry that the and seeks others to fill his p’ace. I of this week.	says that no decision whatever has been Partlt‘8 concerned therein, have spoiled »n ‘old Liberal' of twenty years standing
J&ttt zs&TS?. EBBH-H
C. P. R. on this side of the river.	®hlV’ wo tr.u?t the, me.tter csn he nllowed
to drop, without further comment.
Lsehote
Montreal
Hero is an expression of opini n from one of Montreal n leading Liberal citizens when informed of Mr. Tarte
tion.
. )0 A M. TO 8 r.M.
.	10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER
Specials
h 1 esigna
Boys’ and Girls’ SCHOOL BOOTS, neat and durable—just the thing for fall
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
are
wear.
Our goods are direct from the leading makers, and are the best made. See them.
scum
Overcoats
Miss Masfcie MtCredio, returned from Ottawa on Saturday evening.
In stylish makes and materials. They're going fast. Of course it's the quality and price that moves them so lively.
am
Starke's Corners.
Threshing is the order of the d.«^^™ We aie all glad to heir that Mr. Joe
imams
row boat will be run while the river is from school, and eyed the doing of the *ntlifnen,ls for Hie time being were in the --—____
»	sM&&&£ roT»™ES wawtei:
S=ê?Sgg
ft srXi. lJ sBZHltETBiE BS 5	s
i»4:|ïrKSC—- -
were removed from 267. 8t. Patrick street	wae non-MtsUmt jmor to the coo-
to Porter’s Island for treatment. Dr J ü^ü^,10" 'Ï * ,>elCt ft./?* .*]rthp xt 18 f>'	Obituary.'	Being lot part of No. 12 on the 2nd range
Law, medical health officer, is conducting P°l ' a bmk bu8mcee «7e»1	18 mii. „	- of Clarendon, containing 150 acres, more
an investigation to ascertain the orignal °P?n.tn8 *P‘ Md wine of the owners ü William Horner, of thq township of STvSfX01 e loamy land, 115 acres of
a8»*» «fagfaçaHSËg®3é2sss
;E|È<lESEdESBlf®SS
3ss2?zs: ssssssla1-^^ * — ---------------
from t’e thraldom of this Intolerable mad exchange thiiw explains the matter :-L *	** Rev. Mr. Vickery,
every fa lsand spring; and macadamizing WheD the subscription is paid to a certain is the only plan.	| time, and the time expired and the paper
®ditor doubt-	_
¦m
few years in Newer Ontario, with head quitters at Mattawa.
Waterproof Coats
are now in demand. We have a good range oi them in stock.

R and Mrs. Jones
#open
J. H. SHAW.





P


OI#]##
Farm for Sale.

ERFECT EMULSION OF PURE NORWEGIAN GOD LIVER OIL.








More pleasing to the taste and more easily digested than any other.
Highly recommended by the Medical Faculty for
du

ha»






1
}


Owner
COUGHS, COLDS, BRONCHITIS, SCROFULA, EMACIATION and GENERAL
DEBILITY.

Fall Millinery
Our Perfect Emulsion contains 50 per cent of Pure Norwegian Cod Liver Oil and is much stronger than most of the Emulsion sold and is very pleasant to the taste.

Ready-to-wear Hats, Dress Hats,
Feathers,
Ribbons,
Velvets, etc.

s
Wife Buned Wrong Man
Editor Equity Dear 8 r
'


Be sure you ask for

PERFECT EMULSION
50 cent Bottles at
MISS k. McRAES,
Shawville,

THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
?
/


###PAGE###2###

fi 11













n
Off TO AVOID POTATO BOT
v6 /wwwut'. aàU y*1/»Âtenu
frrigaatr'
COFFEE BLINDNESS.
It 1» woll known that tho Moors are Inveterate coffee drinkers, podally the merchants, who sit In their bazaars and drink cotTce continually during the day. It has been noticed that almost invariably when these coffee drinkers reach the ago of forty or forty-five their eyesight begins to fail, and by tho time they get to be fifty years old they become blind. One is forcibly impressed by tho number of blind men that arc seen about the streets of tho city of Fez, tho capital of Merit 1s invariably attributed to tho excessive use of coffee. This opinion has been confirmed by tho opinion of European physicians living there.
WHY WOOLLENS WEAR THIN.
1
A Scinr in a Grocxr’s Store Rr. I have Just come round myself lo tell you that you have absolutely ipoiied a pair of blankets on me.
I have !
Tes, sir, you have I Burely you are mistaken, madam !
I am not mistaken.
BORDEAUX MIXTURE SHOULD BE USED FREELY.
the wool, and the Question was ti ta separating the two, because they were thoroughly woven throughout, and II was only by detaching the Une fibres from each other that you Identified the cotton libre. I fell on the device of
11 l îa,Ult * v » w M	was taken. I mention this
•	°u' 1 Bent % usually send indicate to you the pernicious effects
\vLho* Casea‘ i, ,,	..	of using causUo materials, which,
W hat jou usual.y send Î No won- when employed strong by themselves,
Cer Mr». Moore, my neighbor, com- affect woollen articles in this way, aud plains of her clothes wearing out; I which, even when not very strong, tud you usually send her the eamo soap, will more slowly, hut with equal cer»
Bat. madam I alwy, live my cu.- talnty. tend to deatroy the woollen tcmers what they ask for. Had you | &bro "
named a Particular bread of soap you i Now, I want to tell you that we
W<ÏÏlihîV0 114(1 mi a	, , „	neighbors have had a talk over the
Named a particular brand 1 How matter, aad we are not going to have
wks I to know anything of brands . our clothes and hands ruined In this
But l know better now and 1 know way. Several of our neighbors who
what ruined my blankets—and my know have proved to us that Washing
hands are In a nice plight, too !	Soda* Potash, Chloride of Lin* and
I can assure you, madam, that It Is « Soap eubstltutss " are most injurious	......
»nd'*,old 6 y ,d
or clothing of my customer», and % that burn» the clothes. Why, you , packets, e vi t v s ad to know how you prove dare not keep Caustic Soda In a tin ti:nt * hat I cold you Injured your canister; it must be In an earthen Jar,
llÎSkntS,411(1 7°?r.iïaadï;	Ml or it will even corrode the tli ! Now,
Well, I was telling i ra Noli, my w# for you to provide us with pure trouble, and eho lent me a little cutting, and here it is; you can read It :
"Dr. Stevenson Macadam, Lecturer
Useful Recipe for Making the Mixture, and How to Apply It to the Vines.
^A
U potato growers could only be led to realize that late potato blight or rot cannot be cured but can bo prevented, they would use Bordeaux mixture more freely than they do. H is quite true that the late blight Is not an annual visitor, nevertho-Jc s uo one cun prophesy when it Will put in an unwelcome appearance. After it makes its presence visible by the leaves turning brown and drying up it is too late to save the crop, for fungicides are only preventives and not remedies. It docs little if any good to apply them after tho disease npjwars, and the spraying must be done before it can bo known whether 01 not an outbreak will occur. Thus U is that if the blight does not appear the money spent in spraying appears to have been thrown away. Experiments not only in Canada but in the United States have demonstrated that spraying is profitable whether the late blight prevail or not. Though early blight is almost certain to appear unless prevented, and its damage, not so noticeable in any one season, us that of the late blight, yet fully ns great in the aggregate, may bo almost wholly n'v>ided » by spraying. This disease CAl,s<'3 the brown dead spots on the leaves, which are marked by concentric rings, «ml which sometimes affect so nmch of the leaf surface that the nutrition of the plant is seriously checked l or this disease, ns for the hitc blight, Bordeaux mixture is an almost perfect preventive, its protective power would probably be complete could each leaf be entirely coated with a thin layer of tho deposited lime mid copper sulphate, because the ancres of the disease could then not find un.v vulnerable point. The nearer this complete coating is obtained the more perfect will be the protection, and it can only be secured by spraying carefully
occo
which It merely to
APPLES and POULTRY
We oan handle any quantity of proparly packed Apple Also any quantity of Poultry (dead or alive.) Write we.
THE DAWSOX COMMITS IPX CO, Limited. TOK»XTft
OUR
Don’t
BRANDS.
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, i I King Edward
t
Experiment
with
other and
Inferior
brands,
i
1
HP
B
"Headlight "
Black, Mixed end Green.
'upon tea drinkers try *f5ilada" Green tes.
¥
e;
"Eagle "
USE
Citt
soap without fron alkali, or we must find It elsewhere.
i.	, Madam, you enlighten me ! So
on chemistry, Surgeons Hall, Ldin- many soaps are advertised as pure, burgh, describee the destructive pro- that I really took little heed to perty of soda upon wool very graph!- difference between them.
“J.1**	,.	,	-	.	.. „	* one. however, that has medl*
After mentioning how strong alkali cal certificats# of Its freedom from such aa potash and soda, disastrously free alkali. It Is guaranteed pure;-atfoct cotton, linen, and wool, he ad the makers offer $5,#00 reward to :	any one who can prove U Is not pur*
" On one occasion I employed this and further, I am authorised to return property of soda la a useful way. the purchase money to any one find* There was a large quantity of new lug cause for complaint blankets sent to one of our hospitals, Let me see It 1 Why, Sunlight which, when given out, were said by Soap I It's a beautiful dean, fresh* tho patients to be not so warm as the looking soap, and this Octagon shape IS old blanket» were, and that led to an very handy. Give me five bare. Investigation as to whether the
it55£SEfSE55S
and 1 got a blanket seat to me for How of f iwi **!**%# : feu it a not tho	mi
They know how to encourage 1111 Victoria n shooting In Switzerland. During 1 ———
two days recently there was going j | <• Little Comfft” on at Zurich boys’ shooting festival, in which 2,300 boys between
twelve and fourteen took part* The
competition is quite voluntary, bo- “How pleasant it is to see hue-1 ing worked through the schools of I band uml wife of one mind I” tho town, each boy who enters pay- is. Indeed. There's tho Robinsons, ing fifty centimes. Tho festival, it for example. She thinks there's no-is said, is extremely popular with body in the world like Robinson, and tho boys themselves, and also with | he thinks so, too." their elders
EDDY’S
NULL
CANADA
*n*
I
It 1
:
Good
?
>
Things
WABASH RAILROAD
During the months of September and October, will sell one way second class tourist tickets at greatly reduced rates to California, Washington, Oregon, Utah, Montana, British Columbia and other Pacific Coast points. Tickets will be sold via nil direct routes. The Wabash is the shortest, best ami piickast route from Canada to the above points. Finest equipped | assenger trains in America.
Hates, timo-tuMofl and all particulars from any ticket agent, or J,
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦PaiitDfV
Agent, N. E. Corner King A Yungs tits., Toronto, and St. Thomas, Ont.
The lecturer on philosophy had concluded his long and a bio address, and stood looking at the audience. "If there is any question," he said, "that any of you would like to ask mo before I sit down 1 should be pleased to answer it." Ain id	tho
deep silence that followed this remark an earnest-looking the door rose up and said to know, professor, if anybody has ever yet discovered a reliable and in ! certain euro for warts?"
to Eat

from Libby's famous HygleBle kl Coha as, where purity prevails. All meals aaad la
WITH A FINE NOZZLE
man near "I'd like
While Bordeaux mixture Is not '	,	,	..
poisonous to insects it is very dis- ba& wlIJ ^swer well-then suspend
tasteful to them, and Paris green 1,0,11 a	laid ncros# the top Every class now seems to have n
combined with it can be more even- uf n c . , 0,1 or ol,lcl* barr ,	, 4 special newspaper or "organ"
ly distributed by the sprayer than	ckau water, so that the purjs The Journal des Concierges
1n any other way. The lime in the | bug may be just beneath the surface bn8 jong existed, and a weekly hits Bordeaux mixture will cause the of 1,10 WlX,cr;. "hen tho copper sul- now bren S(ar(P1i ,n interests of poison to adhere to the leaves eo phate will dissolve In an hour or thc poiicc lt is not qui(e ciear jf
that its protective influence is i two. in another vessel ^ ake f°ur the paper be written by policemen, strengthened and the period of its j Pounds of fresh lime in sufficient wa- but# ftt nny rûte# many 0f the
efficacy prolonged. I lea beetles ns : ler t° Inti e a thin whitewash. Strain secrets of the profession are revealed well as tho ordinary potato beetles l*lls through a line sicxe or sack to |n ^ and it is also perilously perça n scarcely attack the leaves with- remove all lumps. A\hvn the copper snnaj it even contains sarcastic out being poisoned; and applied with sulphate has all dissolved, pour the paragraphs about high officials of
the Bordeaux mixture Paris green 1,1110 wnsb 11 ° ft Sorrel slowly, stir- prt,fei.(Urff which is unreremon- ! Inquiring Friends Did Not Always
will not burn tho foliage ns it some- ririS the mixture all the time. Now jous|y alluded to as the "haute I Get Such & Cheery Reply Be- I FNfiLl^H QPAV1M I IIIIMFI1T times does when applied as a dry bil UP barrel. to the top with Loitc." Minor )>ersons attached to	cause	for	Many	Years	Mr.	Flet-
powiler, or when simply mixed with i Walt>1 • and ll,e fixture is ready for (he stations are also referred to ns !	cher	Suffered	With	Lumbago. removes all hard, soft or calloused Lnmpe
w,,t.T. Many authorities, too. be- W.	having certain weaknesses, notably	^ ^Sw-J
lieve that the Bordeaux mixture it- TO APPLY THIS MIXTURE of un amatory kind, and nicknames Grantor, Ont., Oct. 20.-(Special) 18pr#ln«PSoî.àndstSl.nThrolt^oaeh? eelf exerts a favorable influence	ui>-	to the foliage the best nncl cheap- arc bestowed on evidently unpopular i wMr- Jo^n Fletcher, a well-known	etc	B-Vve $50 by use of one bottle.	War-
on potato foliage not due to its	ef-	est way is to use a proper spraying superintendents and inspectors. The | farmer of this place, who suffered for	ranted the mom wonderful Blemish	Cure
feet upon diseases or insects. These pump and nozzle; but if these be not antecedents of disfavored superiors a long time with Lumbago, and Kid- [ever known, Sold by all druggists.
K s combine hi favor of______.using on hand ,i result* which will are likewise insisted upon, end one wy Trouble, has at last found a .	¦¦¦	¦¦¦	¦¦¦
it on potatoes; and in ti e experi- well repay the trouble may be oh- of them is described ns an ex-dust-1 cure.	I While n square dance represents
ments made, the application of Bov-	twined by applying the mixture with man. while another is reproached for Now, when his friends inquire us	only	half a mile	of walking or	mov-
denux mixture and Paris green wvro	watering cans supplied with fine having been u seminarist or cedes!us- to his health, ho cheerily tells them	ing.	nn average	waltz takes dancers
profitable even in a season when fun- roses.	tical student, like &f. Combes.	that he is well, something which he |over three-quarters of u mile,
gous diseases were scarcely notice- j A great advantage of this mixture	______¦+______ has not been able to do for a long
J is that Paris green, the only prac* Everyone hns hcoi d of St Jacobs timc' til! <luile ***WIJ^#
sms ISSi Ssii |S55 PM
n -little water so as to make a thick which frequently forms on the soles tr,ed. many medicines but could get I sudisk,dooth.rkiad.	™
paste, and then adding this to the of the fect. Anyone sulTcring from no*hlD* to “el? m®;	.	.	...
forty-five gallons of Bordeaux mix- sensitive spots on the toes, sides of	consulted the best medical
turc, which renders the poison of cx-	thc fect, Gr	between the toes, should	doctors in G rant on	end St. Marys,
acUy the same strength os when	rub a little	St. Jacobs Oil on the	but they coul(1 d? nothl!lg "f™6, ,
tired with plain water	sore spot	every night. The iinme-	“At la8t one day	a d,,*u*ff1^,, ,n
"These mixtures must be kept con-	diat0 relief	obtained is simply won-	Granton suggested	Dedd » Kidney
stonily stirred while being used, <Jcrfu 1	Pills as a cure for my Lumbago. I
as both thc lime in tho Bordeaux i \0 household should le without Purchased a box and began to take
St. Jacobs Oil. It will le wanted!	ri^ht *way .	....	. ,	.
after cricket, after tennis, after a I helped me and I kept on till ut lust
day's boating ; in fact it is the * completely cured, athlete’s friend. All chemists sell * nm now 05 wel1 afl e'rr \ was St. Jacobs Oil and a 50 cent bottle and haVe not had ûny tracê of Lu,a_ is sufficient to pro\e bevond a doubt ' ba£° about me. 1 am perfectly the above statements. *	I	sound and 1 thank Dodd'S Kidney
LIBBY’S Natural Flavor Food Products
POLICEMAN S JOURNAL
WELL, THANK TOD."
II
A. Richardson,
Dlst
art V. S. Gorcrnaemt I
Keep ti Us house for emergen •upper», fer ssudwiebee — foi sût wLse yea went something good end sol 11 quick. Simply turn e key nm# the 64» is open. An appetising lunch I» ready In en instant,
LUIT, MdEILL 4 LIIIT, CHICAGO.
Write for our free booklet, "Hew to Make Ooo# Things to IntM
peefe#

time
A GRANTON MAN IS NOW ABLE TO MAKE THIS ANSWER.
Sweden and Denmark have no soldiers who cannot read and write. In Russia's army 70 per cent, of men are illiterate.
the
The United States received Germany during the nineteenth century 5,079,363 immigrants.
from

Messrs. C. C. Richards A Co.
Gentlemen,—My daughter 13 years old, was thrown from a sleigh and injured her elbow bo badly it remained stiff and very painful for three years. Four bottles of MIN-ARD'S LINIMENT completely cured her and rhe has not been troubled for two years.

Per Ovir Stxly Trare.
The Bordeaux mixture for use
Yours truly,
J. 13. LEVESQUE. St. Joseph. P.Q., Aug. 18, 1900
A BOTHER'S PRAISE,
There is a mountain of salt near Cardona, in Spain, which contains 500 million tons of almost pure rock-salt.
i
The mean height of the British Isles above the sea is 714 foct.
fOR THE MEDICINE THAT RESTORED HER DAUGHTER’S
HEALTH.
I
>
THE MANY ADVANTAGES
offered passengers bound for Buffalo and Now York by the Grand Trunk’s fast "New York Express," leaving Toronto 6 15 p m. daily, are seen at a glance when the splendid equip ment is considered. A full dining car service until Niagara Falls it reached, a cafe parlor car running through to Buffalo, and one of Pullman’s finest sleeping ears from Toronto to New York guarantees Irons comfort and luxury as well a* speed. The cafe and dining cars an acknowledged to be the handsomest in America, being electric lighted anc equipped with electric fans. City office, northwest corner King and Yonge street».

The first box
mixture and the Paris green quickly sink to thc bottom of the mixture if left undisturbed.
The Bordeaux mixture" is a preventive remedy, and the time to apply it in any locality is just before the blights treated of usually appear there, the object being to	_ .	*________ j Pills for it.
keen thc plants during the whole of	n \ unnn ci irrm iHA-n	"I recommend them to all my
the time they are liable to injury	^	OLI iNO.	friends, and n» for myself T nôver in-
covered with the fungicidal prépara- The French Consul at Batavia tend that my house shall bo Without lion.	states that lighthouses are built them, for 1 believe them to
The early blight in Ontario and of bamboo- cane in Japan, and sug- greatest medicine in the worl Quebec generally appears at the end gesis the importance of the wood Mr. Fletcher is a man who means of June or the beginning of July, in erecting builders’ scaffolding. Tho every word he says and is prepared The lute blight or potato rot in power of resistance of a bamboo to substantiate the truth of every most parts of Canada seldom shows j cane 8 inches to 10 Inches in diam- statement made above, itself until August. Spraying ' eter, even with a length of 65 feet, There seems to be no case of T.um-1 should, therefore, be begun cariy in is enormous. Moreover, bamboo .is bago, Backache, Kidney Trouble or July und be repeated every two said not to rot either when in the Rheumatism, that Dodd's Kidney wet at least until the second week ground or in water, while the drier | Pills will not cure.
and older it grows the firmer it be-
TME MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
£he Had Suffered From Severs Headaches, Vomiting and Extreme Nervousness, and Feared She Would Not Regain Her Strength.
CALVERT'S
"CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
f

Every prudent mother will watch carefully the health of her young daughter at the period when she is passing from girlhood to womanhood. This period is tho most critical in the young gtrl's life. It is then that she becomes pale, easily tireil and troubled with headaches, without apparent cause. The blood becomes thin and watery, and unless prompt steps are taken to restore it to its rich, red, health-giving condition, decline, nnd perhaps wmption will follow Fink Pills
Pa
Rtui iti the teeth, Sweetens the breeth.

the

I
FOUR SHEEP TO LET

¦
oat on where*. Double in 4yeak.
Apply Percy Love, »l If orne 8 ?.. Toronto.

Poultry Wanted
All kiAdl dead or _____________ alive. We
1,- I tend empty cretee, pay hlgheU price-», end remit promptly. Ontario Poultry Co., 17 Carlew Are., Toronto.
4.0C0 foreigners were expelled by the police from France last year. 1,500 of those wore Spaniards,
300 Belgians, and 500 Germans
n i*rn COnT in September.
i,r- williams Three applications of Bordeaux have cured more pale, mixture and Paris green may suf-enaemic. easily tired girls than any fice, experiments showing in plots other medicine, and mothers will vpraVe(j throe times as much as 52 ma e no mistake if they Insist upon bushels more per acre of merchantn-thcir growing daughters taking these |ble potatoes than in the unsprayed pills from time to time. Mrs. P. piols; and in those sprayed live Ciage, a lady well known in Itowan- times, 62 bushels more to the acre ton, Quo. tells what these pills have than in the unsprayed, done for lier daughter. She my a:
"My daughter, Catherine, aged fourteen years, ww* suffering greatly with severe headaches, vomiting and . nervousness. She was so complete-
?
comes
I
New York has 250 hotels, London over 500. But New York’s hotels will hold nearly as many people as London's greater number.
* I Beware or Ointments for Catarrh	gestion
that ctntaln Mercury	put, "When is the best time to sow
,„A	S'ïïi *5| SSbBS	:>¦”d- «“•
:« diSSSSïSs
baby's health and happiness is both | one possibly derive free them. Hale Catarrh
ly run down that we feared she i An earthenware bullet has Just I a *}f!P nnd u fl ,cud- * is "hat I Mo^â.^aVtMiwne injury »nd*f»uklaTe^ would not recover her strength. We been invented by a Dr. Devillers. of1 makes the statement of Mrs. 1 lios. i ^ruslly. setieg directly upon the bleed and
ï^Ythen Ku,iteirdo«r-oytbun18two HZto	gfîa^âfôSa&SS
thought we would try Dr. Williams'	men can measure off a number of •‘Wlien my	baby iras eighteen	Ohte. by	f. J. Cbemey k Co. Teeilmeaiele
Pink Pills, and the result has lx?en	paces and “pepper away” nt	each months old he	was troubled with ai	re#
up to our fondest hopes. She has other without any fear. The bullet sour «tomuch and was badly	con-
fully recovered her health and simply makes a mark on the Cloth- ! stipated. T hese troubles mane hun strength, and I shall be very glad | ing and drops to the ground.	With ; cross and rest U-ss^ and I had to Dt
if this experience wiil help some oth-	masks for the face, there would	seem 1 UP wilh h 1 u	n111 Drt of t,nl*s dur" i	,lr-i
•' -sar.	: &iarr JS-Aer «	~
red blood, and give new duellist who wua "marked” in the *nR t!‘em t(> ,lim <yl a levv {,H>* hl® |L y
for the ailments that make the lives	White—"It's funny that it is	usual-	mos* conven 6nt	form for adminis-
of no many women a burden. Bo	ly men and women who are	tinat-	ffnnff medicine	to the very yoxing.
•ure you get thc genuine with the tractive who do the. marrying in this Ihey^are safe and harmless and frre full name "Dr. William»' Pink Pills	world.” Black~”W>mt do	yon mean	from	opiatr».	Sent post paid on refer Bale People,” on the wrapper	by that?” White—"Why,	when	a	ce*Pt	°f P* h e,	25 cent» per box, by i Prismatic Lake, in the Yellowstone
around every box. Sold by all me-	couple weds, the lady’s friends are	fBr Williams	Medicine Company,	National	Park,	is	the	hugest body
tiicine dealers or sent post paid at	quite unable to sec what he	could	Brockviile, Ont., or Schenectady, |Gf	hot	water	in	the	world
-60 cent» per box or six boxes for	find in her and the man’s friends	are	^ ^	A book	on ti e care of infants
$2.50, by addressing The Dr, Wil-	puzzled to understand	what	she	and	<htldren	sent free on request
11» ma Medicine Cow Brockviile, could see 1a him/-	1 Write for it»
Mlnard’s Liniment relieves Neuralgia
>
>
A COMFORT AND A CARE.
T
»
-BY USING—
Standard American Wloka
--AND—
Sarnia tamp Oil.
?
If Your Home is Blessed With Baby You Will Appreciate
This.
held in
an
A sharp country lad
Department of Agriculture, Ottn-
Whsieiale Oily.
wa

Mlitaid's Liniment foi silt mi|*btie
HARMLESS BULLETS
music ssg*
Teachers WANTED !
You claim that you were insane
Yes,
Can you prove it ?” "Yes, sir.” "IIow ?” "By producing the plaintiff in court and letting the jury look at her.”
« #
when you proposed to her ?”
*\r
We are equipned [o ¦uppiy rmv Mr*ic Trjubvr in (*.:»Ja.
Paid hr Droegleti. prie* 73e per bottle. Hall'» ramify Pills are %be beet
MULET, MICE 8 Ce„ Limited
138 Yoage Sfxcsf,
' TORON Pv, ONT.
Monkey Brand Soap cleans kitchen
iron and tinware, all kinds of
FROM TORONTO
and Canadian points to New York | s$6 Mala Street, and Philadelphia. The best route via Lehigh Valley Railroad. Ser-
W1NNIPE0, MAN.
Dr
F
rich
X. •xsxsrsi 6eTj!!l?"l>J” ÎSüîSÏ.'i»
ing car service, meals » la carte. The j meal Pw$u»i mUtarpéÎL vi»Q##,a»
only lin. from Canada Ending pa»	....
sengers near all European steam- Hr mil %hmm or—. slf###, mmd sa&wmem# frhlp decks in New York, saving pa»- ;	mtïKÎL"	£
sengers for Ekirope a long and ex , r%w,#fmmmm#«mm4 Ji pmnioi^ «^iy w m ##**# pensive transfer. Route of the , **1?^î!îV;el Black Diamond Express. Day train, | ntiSSs* #L try it. For tickets, Pullmans and
fnrti.er particular. e.U en Orand I WOOD* PHOîO.ENCRAVINO^
T runk Agents or on Robt. S. I>ewls. ^ i a IfiMr * i f o/is
ing, Toronto* _
Minarf's Liniment Cuies Dandruff,
/
AC -
Minard's Liniment Cuies Burns etc, I
ff PC 1131
• A • m*


%

\

###PAGE###3###
SNii-



He dares not leave his post of duty to find out the truth, and while the train ruahcs onward Larry romains In a state of great anxiety, hoping for the best, but fearful.
Larry has an idea how the land lies ahead, and upon Questioning the driver he finds he Is correct. There Is a junction some ten miles farther on.
ïBiâssa
HH*--

'y,
\
'.es
I FOR FARMERS j
Z<5f

V
m
r
?
1 DOCTOR JACK.



i

A
Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Uusy Tillers rf of the Soli,
0'A

tm
*

rj '

<

4-
By S f. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of TDoetof Jack's Wife," “CapWo Tom," "Baton Sam," “Mi.
Pauline of New York,” “ Mil Caprice," Be.
where they take a new course, and head almost north, for distant Bayonne and Bordeaux.
At this place there will be lights, engines, people, and the motor will be changed
they present speed will mako up what was lost If no accident occurs.
Bo Larry must posses his soul In patience, and wait—It will not be for The swaying of the locomotive Is dreadful to one unaccustomed to It,
* A

\

PROBLEM ON DAIRY FARMS


//
An old
question, hut ever tho proper time and place for nuro where rotation is practiced upon a dairy farm, writes Mr E. Cook
new,
mu-

/C m
(
They are behind time, but
%
sV
X
iA!

II
/
/ (
V

f#

*
I
l
U lins been our custom

/zf

to apply
a greater portion directly to corn land lirst preceding the crop. After following over a portion of the field, using H part only of our manure
é
Some crawl underneath—It la their ! 1<m* abject to once more gather the tered brand» and make a new blaze, | an<1 many a time Larry la thrilled to which this time they will guard zeal- ! the heart an he Imagines the maaalve oualy, and no false alarm shall send I Piece of mechanism about to topple thorn scurrying toward the hills Again the situation becomes strain- I hind, and a* yet everything seems ed -Jack has emptied his revolver—he ¦unseizes that which Avis thrusts Into On the right he can sec tiie stars his hand, and moves In the direction glimmering on the bosom of the flow-of the window, bhe reads hie Intel)- ing Ebro, and which river they must lion, and knows It is a forlorn hope.	cross at the junction. When he sees
" No, no, you shall not go," she the engine-driver raise his hand and her hand clasping his arm j pull the whistle-cord, he knows they
arc approaching the pia where ha 11 can be relieved from guard duty and •hall scatter the Jackals—or die try- J look up his friends.
Ing "
" Tou must not—will lot
necessary. See, do you not feel the | point where the trains meet Oar shake—we are moving, Jack—tho | taco becomes slower, and at length train starts—yes, and we arc naved,” and she falls back on his arm almost in a swoon, while Jack, discovering the truth, cries
"Thank God! Larry Is at the lever!"
r/
Tli« eiNieiy meem almost ready to torcak and run when Jack ceases firing. The fact that tho terrible rain of load has stepped gives them new courage, and they rally. As he seen them ad-vance^fcgnin Jack, who has everything In readiness, tries to Insert new cartridges Into the cylinder, but this work cannot be easily done, and he only gets three seated when the howling demons are again at the windows,
Once more the scene Is enacted, but while Jack has hopes of keeping them off he sees a new and terrible danger menace tho occupants of the car. Homo ef the Carl 1st», Inflamed to white heat by their wounds, have run to tho great bonfire, and snatching up armfuls of the brush begin to carry It along, and pile It under the car. Their Intention cannot be mistaken—they mean to set fire to the railway carriage, and roast the occupants.
In vain do tho Pasha and Don Carlos stem—their men have been transformed Into devils by the stubborn resist am oe of this man who defies them, and are no longer amenable to discipline have
reap the whirlwind.
It is a horrible situation, and even bravo Hoc tor Jack feels his flesh creep as he contemplates the doom before him. Nothing that he can do will avert the disaster—already he is compelled to strain every nerve to keep the wretches from clambering In at the wlndews.
•h I If the train would only move— minutes have passed since Larry disappeared, and they have been the longest minutes Jack ever knew, seeming more like hours. What has become ef the little dude—could he have been waylaid and knocked over before reaching tho locomotive ? so, tlieir doom is assured.
Already a flaming torch has been applied to the brush beneath the carriage, and the crackling of flames cause Madame Sophie to cry out in terror.
"To think that I should come all the way from Boston to be cooked in an oven like a baked potato. Some one save me—help ! help !"
No one notices her cries, for they have other things to do. Avis no longer crouches by the side of the Bostonian—she has arisen to her feet, and Jack, feeling a hand upon his arm, turns and confronts her.
" What are you doing here ? Avis, for God's save go back again. You might be struck by some flying missile," he cries, earnestly,
" I am In no more danger than you are," she answers, " besides, unless something desperate Is done soon we are doomed. That fire will set the car In a blaze."

X
a

;
is
t
"
x
w»
¦ ^¦application to the newly OBdcil clover for a tow yoar», 1 now qui to
<iry tern will
such use, and the coming fall
nn



/
am
X
!

over; but mile after mile Is placed be-
convinced Unit more
coins from nnd
winter will find every aero of clover needed last spring, covered with a light dreeing (,f «table fore lining it emewhere. a Mindy loam varying in degrees from spots quile tight to others, while clay is not traceable, yet one would not consider sand a quality.
The washing after a heavy rain will always «how up the true character of any soil, however deceptive, nml In really a proper time to study it. Umc rock underlies at unequal depths. This description will ohow a toil demanding constant attention to maintain crop production, a soil however as quick as the proverbial lie leaves the driver to his own de- Irish wit to respond to manure and > Ices, an l leaping to tho ground, hur- labor ries back along the side of the train, anxious to ascertain what has become of his friends. On the way ho runs Into some one whom he has not noticed.

I



)
manure he-Our soil is
n

A
•fi
i ,pij Z

crie*, tightly
“ I muet—It is our only chance
•'V


W-
|lv4’
Lights are shining ahead now, and It Is un- j It la evident they are nearing the
Their
V
fk ':

they come to a halt. Signs of bustle abound, and Larry even imagines It resembles In a degree an American station.
VALUABLE ASSISTANCE. "How many gallons of milk do you got a day ?" “Fifty
“Gee 1 You must have a good pump."
9 9
U is surely Ideal clover soil. Then in my judgment that plant should have its every demand gardcd genial
cold storage pays for the extra trou- , prevent the winds blowing it off II
si*«iBliieSS
paid in the fall and those paid on gleet to prepare a scratching shed. April 1 for the jlmBt six year», tlie and have it adjoin the roosting results show that there ha* been
CHAPTER XVII
re-
Thoae who urged them on wn the wind, and they must
When Larry finds himself under the railway carriage he has already mapped eut the course he means to pur-The other side of the train Is partly In darkness, and consequently this must be his line of advance in the direction of the locomotive.
He pursues It, at tinv'3 hiding In order to screen himself from observation, but all tho while drawing nearer the head of the train, that pulsating engine, panting there as if eager to continue its onward race.
Once a man confronts the dude—he seems to be desirous of halting him, perhaps recognizing Larry as one of the party against whom the animosity f of the Carllsts Is aroused; hut the tourist is In a hurry, and cannot stop to satisfy the curiosity of this fellow —the clamour that arises from the
If the house
manure
lows.
" 'Pon 'onah ! you must pawdon me, but—M
sue
" Lnrry Î Great Srott !” is shouted In his ear, and he feels himself lifted bodily from the ground by the strong arms of Doctor Jack, who Is as delighted to find Ills friend as though the dude were a long-lost brother.
part value of this treatment. Every farmer knows well that
strong, rank growth of clover al-| ways means a suba-quent crop,
Together they walk to the carriage, whatever it may be.
where they find things In their normal ral conditions must therefore condition, and the two ladies looking low out of th) window. Larry Is warmly growth
greeted by both of them, who look up- moth must also be a local or indivi-on tho little dude as a hero, although dual question Avis can never place him In the same moth is best.
class with tl»e man she saw holding modium and has frequently expostu-
the mob at bay.	! I a fed with me relative to it. Modi- sf,raflfC I ¦	¦
8o far as they ranfors-e, their um ls „„ doubt better for him The !«am, day If possible	.	. 0|d-fnBh"ncd
lii K.i t .- > mn> at "mplish later.	young clover plants and the	whole	----- note	from a well	known clerical
ward. With the early mornlmr they wc uso dissolved rock when needing, years' successful experience as a short, 1 t0 ,)B hcld Thp ,loctor remay expect to see the green water.	Th1s seems to bring about a very	dairyman, says that there were some d	tQ thg c|Tect	thet ,|C wou|tl
of he macnlfieent Day of	Biscay on	satisfactory nutritive ratio of plant	Points of a cow to look at regard-	^ a d that he hu(l just	com.
their	left as	they advance	upon	,ood. A good (uir yield of grain	less of her personal appearance. The lpted a aprmon u the Goldcn
The	railroad	approaches	the	coast,	p^ L.M^to'uii», Urn fall and w°n-	milk veins™were important. Small	^rWc'foTThe occasi'im
because In this way the great moun- tpr top drcsHlng a„d a failure comes ed poor milkers, while large, tortu- ^ brother clergyman was an old
seldom, producing the following ous veins and a large well indicate frjcn(, and kllcw jjr Jones very inyear two h«M vy crops of hfty. Or, n good now of mi . iv 111 ' timalcly, end being thus acquainted if desired, the second, ns in our	should bo thin and mellow, but	both wjth hjg peculiarities as	w,4l
own case, furnishes stock food for	some good cows have rather a thick	^ wjth hig ability to take a	joke
August, .September and October, as	hide. ihc escutcheon is not of so	bp 8ent the following answer	by
cheaply too, I think, as can bo fur-	much Importance. Some good cows	telegram
I ni shed with corn. If the weather	have poor escutcheons and vice versa.
is warm and dry, liny can bo made. ‘She should have a lung, thin tail, the dilapidated condition of the one I ^ our Il0rlilcrn section seldom can	and	a thin shoulder.	She should
that had sustained the attack of the ! w($ Cjlfph, dpppad upon curing second	have	a "cowy" head,	eyes wide
mob—the guard, who belongs to Jack, lotting later than September 1. Of apart, head long and thin with a body and soul, goes through to Parle,	tll- 8ii() is always ready to thin neck. A good fore udder is the
It seems, and he looks after them. receive it but I prefer corn silage. sign of a good cow. Many cows, BRITAIN'S LATEST ALLY.
Jack manages to sleep some himself Cowg ,iko it bettor. Corn is also particularly of the Jersey breed ln three and a half vcars ,ja()an In spite of the Jostlyig of the car, moro easily handled. It can be cut have poor udders. '1 lie udder should jiag added Lo merchant navy BOO which fact proves what a nature he though modern methods of cutting not be fleshy. rl ho appearance of gteamships, amounting in all to lias—few men could "dimly sit down Rhcftd -S<3xvrai days. IMen do not it should indicate-a good stream 100,000 tonnage, and also 3,000 and take a nap after engaging in a 0|)jec^ handling the corn. Clov- and easy milkers. 'I he latter in mi- Rajjjng vessels, equalling 230,000 sanguinary battle with a desperate ^ wm rapidly dry out if one does portant, for hired men will soon dzy ^Onnago. In 1800 the country pos-mob, determined to have his life.	follow the mower, and then it olT hard milkers. ITe likes n scssed only a single steamship over
Time slips by-Jack Is up and down, ig hard> ilcaVy work to pitch green straight back rather than a crooked 5i000 tons; it has now twenty-one now out talking with the guard at a clovcr It can be cut and partial- one, does not lay much stress on the of this class. In 1898 Japan own* station, and more than once bending ]y curod cocked and kept a long pelvic arch and doesn’t like a sway ed 627 steamships, representing over to gently replace a rug that has ^ine fQl. dady feeding, or if more back.	429,774 tonnage, and 174 sailing
slipped down from Avis’ shoulders. conVenient frequent cuttings can be	Tho	ribs should be well	spaced. A	vcs„eIs	of	21,104	tonnage;	in	1809,
Her eyes are shut, she seems to be made hauling direct to the feeding	large,	prominent eye is a	good sign	G79	steamships	of	407,534	tonnage,
asleep, and he stands a minute look- bafn J( the fleld js to be mowed and indicates whether she will stand and ^,485 sailing vessels of 105,710 Ing Into that fair face. Will he ever atsccond or more times cutting is up to her feed. It if? also desirable tannage, and 2,783 sailing vessels of have the privilege of pressing a kiss	preferable to pasturing on no to have her wedge shaped, but the 270,101 tonnage; in 1901, 842
upon that sweet mouth. He la sore-	q{ injurv to the crowns of tho wedge should start from the right stCamsliips of 537,100 tonnage, and
ly tempted, but turns away with a ,	.	. eYeat loss by tramping, end. Tho cow should broaden out ^HO sailing vessels of 315,767 ton-
sigh, which causes Avis to open her	losg wil, moro than reimburse from the shoulders backward and
for the labor involved in handling. not from the head. She should also
broaden out from the rear forward, and In this way will have a large, capacious barrel
a house
sufficient increase to warrant the ex
General or loi fol-
tra expense of storage in every case and on the average the practice has resulted in good profit.
The recommendation of Prof. Itnnc	.
is to pick Hie fruit relatively early, many reasons most be simply known
by the ordinary name of Jones
be a
ONLY WANTED VAUT.
A certain reverend doctor, who for
that will produce such rank i. Whether medium or mam-
Witli us the mamA friend a 1 wavs sows
is
it trifle earlier than the common custom. Use only the best grade for j generally considered to
,, h ml pick, grade and sbip eloquent preacher, but unfortunately
Tho soon-!^° belongs in some respects to tho
school and finds it
most
rear announces that the battle Is on, and seconds are precious. When the man attempts to use force, Larry gives him the benefit of the weapon he carries, and presses on toward Ills goal, the puffing motor.
More than once he Is delayed by being compelled to hide, so that minutes elapse before he finds himself In the vicinity of the engine.
The panic Is now on, and Larry wonders what causes it, as he has not understood the cry raised by Mercedes In advancing. It ceases, and once moro the melee begins, but, thank heaven, he is now beside the locomotive.
In appearance it differs from those he is In the habit of seeing In Atnerl" ca, but they all work on the same principle, and, If necessary, Larry is ready to set the lever and open the throttle himself.
Tho engine-driver Is In the cab, but has his head out, Interested In what Is going on. If the mob Is about to ' burn the rear carriage, some one had better uneouole It from the rest, and let him pull them off to a point of safety.	^
He is just telling a train man this when he feels a clutch on his arm, turns around, and looks Into Larry’s revolver. The desperate dude never appeared so big i o any one in all his life as he does in the eyes of the astonished engine-driver—the fact of his holding a loaded revolver may have something to do with It.
" Start the train ahead !" snaps Larry. Ills look and the tone of his voice cannot bo mistaken even If the other does not understand the words used. The min makes a gesture, and I In broken English stammers that he
tain wall of the Pyrenees is avoided In passing over to France. Besides, there are cities of considerable importance that need to be visited.
When they move on. the gentlemen make the ladles comfortable with rugs, having changed to another compartment at the Junction because of
" Yes, yes—If I could only get one of my revolvers loaded, I would Jump down among these wolves, frighten them off, and extinguish the blaze, but—" and Ills action completed the sentence, for he Is compelled to clear the windows of the clinging wretches again.
" (live me the weapon and cartridges. I know how to load It, thank heaven. You should have done this before, Jack."
Manlike, he has not thought of such a possibility, but he sees the wisdom of her proposition, places the long revolvers and cartridges In her hands, and then springs at more ugly heads In the windows, which must be kept clear at whatever cost.
The flames crackle merrily below as the Are gains headway, and tho Car-lists seem to be abandoning the attack to some extent, certain that the heat will either roast their enemies in dares not start without order», the car, or drive them out to fall vie- " There Is your order—start the tlms to those who lie In wait.	train," roars the irate dude, thrusting
In the midst of this Intensely dra- the revolver Into the other s face, and malic situation there suddenly rings pointing to the throttle.
The man looks him over as If to size
Golden Calf just what is wonted. A fore-quarter is all that will be needed.
out upon the night air a shrill cry—
the voice Is clear and resonant, plerc-	him up—there	Is something he does	eyes	and wonder what worries Doc-
Ing the atmosphere and striking ter-	rot like atout	the diminutive New	tor	Jack,
to the heart each Carllst.	Yorker, and perhaps he sees death In
** Fly ! fly for your lives, comrades!	his eye—at any	rate, he turns sullenly
It Is a trap! We are lost! The sol-	around, grasps	lexer and throttle,
dters are surrounding us. Fly In the	throws the one	Into place, and opens
name of the Virgin !"	the other cautiously.
Wild excitement ensues—men utter As the train moves, a shout arises oaths, and the wounded pray aloud to j without—men run frantically toward be taken off. Jack thrusts his head the engine, and Larrv stands ready out of the carriage—he has recogniz- to shoot the first one who tries to ed the voice that has uttered those come aboard.
thrilling words In Spanish. It Is	" Faster—onen the throttle, man !"
Mercedes—yes, as he glances along and he gives the driver’s arm a Jerk the side of the train he sees the sup- | —the throttle is thrown open, and with posed peasant boy running toward & jump the train begins to gather them, waving his cap, and still shout- headway, lng the words of warning that have created such consternation In the breasts of the Carlisle.
Reaching the car under which the Are is blazing the brave girl Immediately dashes the burning brands aside —they are saved !
It Is only a temporary respite, how-eve,—the Carlisle are recalled by the commands of Don Carlos, who understands the situation, and come running or crawling back. Undoubtedly tt Is their Intention to repeat the performance, having seen how near success they came before.
By this time, however. Avis has placed the loaded revolver In Jack's hand, and taken the other from him.
He feels that all Is not lost so long as this brave girl Is beside him—her presence gives him a new courage, and he knows they must succeed.
Again he opery on the advancing foe he does not care where his bulge so long as they cut home*
Tho number of sailors has
were
officers and engineers (304 foreign) to the merchant fleet small
striking n.s the increase of the commercial navy.
n age
increased until in 1901 there 15.412
All things must have an end, and this seemingly interminable night Is no exception to the general rule—light
without, and gray dawn
The
number of foreigners is ns
r or
COLD STORAGE FOR APPLES

For several years Prof. Rane of the New Hampshire Experiment Station has been working on this subject and the results ft re now being prepared for a bulletin. Briefly they arc as follows:	On November 20,
1899, a number of barrels of apples were shipped to one of the Boston cold storage houses. Beginning
with February two barrels were tak-
out each month until .Hdy and and (,auhed preferably with examined. The prices at time of mortar, but stiff clay will do for a shipment ranged between	umi wintcrg. Have the roof tight.
$2 and on April 1 they brought gd.- ^ roof thatched with straw is warm
50 to $4.25.	ttlld will last out the winter if
The greatest care in handling and | boards or	are placed on it to
placing the fruit immediately into

WINTERING POULTRY
appears
shows them the waters of the bay. In places so close does tho railway trend along the shore that the waves, rolling In and lashing the little beach, seem directly beneath them.
If the house is not comfortable, it is easier amt cheaper to make it so than to furnish tho extra feed ¦ quirod to keep the hens warm. A log house with a littio work will make ns comfortable a place for the poul-
See that the spaces be-
LAICE COLORS.
Some lakes arc distinct.y blue; others present various shades of green, so that in some cases they arc hardly distinguishable from their level, grass-covered banka; a few arc almost black. Tho Lake of Geneva is azure hued; the Lake of Constance land the Lake of Lucerne arc green; the color of tho Mediterranean has been called indigo. Tho Lake of Brienz is greenish yellow, and its neighbor, Lake Thun, is blue.
re-
Then they run into the small town of Han Sebastian, and soon the sun Bayonne comes next, and our
y as any
tween the logs arc well chinked up
lime
rises
friends breathe a sigh of relief to think they have actually left Spain behind, and are speeding along toward Bordeaux.
en
It Is too late now to unfasten the last car—no one can do It, for most of the shouting Carllsts are left behind, ' and a few who still cling to the cars are dropping off In great terror lest they be carried off, and fall Into the hands of the government forces.
Larry beams with triumph, but he knows it Is too early to crow—not for a moment does he relax his vigilance, since he has become assured that the engine-driver Is a Carlist and may play them a trick yet.
By this time the blazing fire is left far behind—they are plunging along through the darkness of the valley, with only the stars as guides, but the rails hold the Iron horse on his way, and all Is well.
Every mile passed over makes them so much farther away from their enemies—the driver has made up his mind to th# Inevitable, and watches ahead, fts is customary, while he holds his hand on the throttle.
Looking back, Larry sees that the train Is Intact, and he breathes free. One thing alone gives him worry— this Is the uncertainty as to whether his friend has come out of the scrimmage unwounded
along that a terrible battle must have been fought back there by the barricaded coach, and with the odds so tremendous, It Is possible that Doctor Jack may have been downed.
At last they are in a condition to congratulate each other on the success attending their efforts; but the end Is not yet—other dangers lie In the future, which may be as yet hidden from their view, but are nevertheless as real as those they have Just come through.	/
The run to Paris Is now no great matter, and with bright skies above them they pass through Bordeaux, and speed onward toward the gay French capital, where every tourist eventually turns, no matter what his object on the Continent, but one Paris—It Is much the same te-day as during the last Napoleon dynasty, when galloping along the road to . Ems with blindfolded eyes. It seemed a terrible thing to poor humiliated France to have Germany at her door, and the gay capital of the world In the hands of the Teutons, but looking back to-day, who would have It changed, since that defeat was but one of a series of events, destined to shake the grasp of the Napoleons from the throat of la belle France, and leave the country In the happy condition she rejoices In to-day—a republic, with no tyrant at her head.
(To Be Continued.)
On the Threshold of Womanhood
Many a Girl Falls a Victim of Ills Which Affect Health and Happiness Al|
Through Life —Dr. Chase's Nerve Food.
There is
tissue, gives color to the checks and »cw vitality to every organ of the body.
Sirs Williams 73 Palace street, Brantford, states "My daughter, who was working In a grocery store, became so weak and run down in health that she had to give up her position She was also pale and nervous, and had very distressing attacks of headache. I got a b6x of Dr Chare s ^erve 1 ood and started her using It I coutd easily see an improvement in her looks, and she had not been taking it long before her color became very much Letter, -her nerves moro steady and her headaches disappeared. She m now entirely cured of her trouble, and consequently we value Dr. Chase's Nerve Food very highly
Dr Chase’s Nerve Pood is woman's greatest help, because it forms new, rich, life-sustaining blood, 5#
eti a bos, 6 boxes for $3,60, at oil dealers, or Edmanson, Bates * Co., Toronto.
—now
let#
These Inhuman monsters would bum Innocent women to death In the car In order to get at him, so there tm no he should spare them.
as are
They are possessed of a certain desperate valeur—perhaps the sight of blood ha# wrought them up to the highest pitch of excitement. At any rate, they continue to rush upon the car In n way that astonishes Jack, who has never believed them equal
to it-	~'t &
He has known all
Tho United States now has 3,510 millionaires.	'
#
###PAGE###4###





X
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRI8
THE COAL FAMINE
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat (standard) 00 to 00c. Flour per barrel, $8.76 to $4.00. Gate per bushel, 00 to 27o. Pease per bushel, 00 to 63n. Buckwheat, 00c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 00 cent».
Kggs, per doien, 16c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 16c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $1.60 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 05 cents each.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE. OCT. 80, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS


The Goderich Signal speaks of those Liberals who arc rejoicing over Mr. Tarte # resignation as vultures who love to settle down on the carcase of a lion, and concludes by telling them that Mr. Tarte ii neither dead nor sleeping latter remark seems to be warranted. Hie article in La Patrie was not written by a dead man nor by a sleepwalker.
Suggests a very cold time this coming winter unless you provide yourself with plenty of good Warm Clothing.
X
In Case of
Difficulty
r/,z
The

Mr. S
Blake has	a strong
man among the Ontario Liberal* fur almost a generation other, in connection with the South Ox-Oiford trial disclosures that because of the infamous dimes against pure elections perpetrated ou behalf of the Ross Government, he was no longer a supporter of the provincial Liberal party machine' is driving decent men in*o the ranks ot its opponents.—Montreal Gazette.
i
See our Stock of
OTTAWA
lie intimated the
Rutter, print, 22c. per lb.
" path. 18 to 20c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 20c. per dos.
Potatoes, 65c. per bag.
Iwimb, 8 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 to 7c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb.
Pork, $7.00 to $.750 per 100.
Oats, 28 to 30c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $8.60 per ton. Wool 14 to 15c. per lb.
THE LATEST DRESS GOODS, ALL WOOL BLANKETS, LADIES' JACKETS,
FUR GOODS of all kinds,
MEN' OVERCOATS,
TWEEDS, ETOFFES, and READY-MADE SUITS.
with the horse the quality of the harness will tell.
“The

HARNESS THAT FITS WILL NOT WORRY THE HORSE-
The Liberals of Argenttuil have selected ai the.r Candida'e for the parliamentary vacancy Mr. Thomas Christie, sou of the eld member. The Conservative nominee is already in the held in the person
Xüïr;: Z S t Desirable Farm Property
electors to decide which gentleman rapie-	For QaIa
went# the policy the majority of them	*3 <* *wa
think the beet for Cans is. If the mu- The undersigned it»r . ie minis‘ers have the courage of the undermentioned fann property, situated letters they publish they should set it in the Township of Litchfield, two mile* soon.—Montreal Gazette.	from the village of Bryson and intersected
both roads leading to Portage du Fort and Shawvllle
With the end of the coal miners'strike, North West Half of Lot No. 80, In the which has endured for five months, about first Range containing 100 acres, with two thirds of the mines in the anthracite eiKht room dwelling house large kitchen,
~i„.	operation, on Thumley *"j,S	No. ».
last, Some of the mines will bo unwork- same range, containing 100 acres, and able for a few days owing to the presence having thereon small dwelling house with of gas and water, but it is expected all Ml necessary out buildings ;
if be working, and a full out- Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 In ut reached in the very near ?*m.e range, consisting principally of bush
As a result of the resumption
of mining operations, coal dropped in -,°n lhe al^ve lhree ,ots there are about
CZ'ZT “,T ” P" «%%%SNSSTHk.TS
ton the brat day.	i* well adapted for daily purpose». The
owner’s reason for selling is illness in his Ex-Mayor Prefontaine, of Montreal, I (R"*Hy.
F" “ÎÏÏÏSÎSZaS. *>» don’t; Oat* Us standing still and tying to do bnsi-
has no following in the Province of any	Bryson, Que. HCSS Solely Oil a reputation already established, ISO, Sir !
account. To convince the people that hi» ~~-J-1 1 i ¦«" il».ip	___
opinions are correct, Mr. Perfontaine V'Peu discoid. The cl mix w*i reached W6 WBIlt Hard Milling Wheat aim Can pay the
«»>, w. have » 1,^ .t»» ,1 n..r
minister of Public Works. The contest was ordered o »e ract. Mr. Tartes an-	611(1 all Kinds Of Feed and Call make PRICES MIGHT,
would be an interesting one, and serve **er va* the placing of hit resignation in to sh >w which of those gentlemen is the I the hands of the premier.
*‘whole thing. "	| This, however, was hardly to the liking
of the premier and his confederal # To
Mr. L. P. Pelletier of Quebec, speak-1 got rid of *Jr/. TV,ti w“‘he °ki«3‘ c l ingata complimentary luncheon tender-	°f‘.'"da and abuse tcaugur.ttd
ed by the Junior Conservative Club of bf lhe m,n!,le" »nd their p.r.ir.1 Montreal to Mr. L. R. Borden, leader of °rgsn' many,, eke ago. but they did net
the Conservative party, on his return ProP”,e *11	1° appear to the pul-	“" ¦¦	I 
$1 90 a cold on pulpwood for exoort tn Pîe?l0,SB d*raatjd ft,r revgaitlon of Commissioners of the municipality is de sufficient slope to dmln well iu acres
mÊmm
The g« Vvirnme ,t al Q ;ebec to ato'd VeS-	p' V‘ 5	.h it i; sa. w riting, complain of such roll, which shell hone atwhle *4x30 fast, rttteri up with track
cite, s.ll 1 rve areas of limbtr limits *r : • furmor lutl not the gnve.cniFtr. who be taken Into consideration and hoi nolo- for hay fork. 90 foot *h*d,oow bouse for20 specuVvM who re o’: ihum »,> t mup; hid fo sw«l or t c hirer piT. M-. gated at a meeting of School Commission- head, pig house, w ood .«hed, carriage
.	Sa:::::: sap:
was that wo'd three or fonr inches wan r k V *L r v V tep whloh dl- of September, one thousand nine hundred chaser. Price greatly reduced for immcd-being ost aud ex per el Lorn the counuv ?°,ceT b,m [TT hls former	two. HUGH MATHESON, |»tc **lc. For further	apply
to ba menufsetured in the United 8'sie." l° ^her words he voluntarily rcpudisled	Sec.-frcas. to.	BIONKLMOUGD^
Such scouiw would somruin.be fori ,hiP"™r	Ult	^
ee's of the province, aid husinesi men ht'Ie metdent .1.0». howde.perst# PubllC NOtlCC.
would d ) well to tike up th-s question tt *re‘5* et?lt,.l° "hleh ,h? *°»1ermn''nt
•once if they would avert a rational 18 feducede At * lm,e *hen the groat Province of Quebec, vcahmity.	1	tariff question is before the people of Municipality of Clarendon
this country, the premier 1 as resorted to PttfcUo Notice Is hereby gire* to all pro-moit picayune methods for the purpose prietore of real estate and restéetU bowse-
Pv8 ¦TvrS?»iSSSaSrS
L m^ttere not how the break between the this Municipality has been made and corn-parties was effected. The important fee pleted and that it now is and wtil remain ____	lure is that Mr. Tarte thrown down a m my possession.for Inspection bf partie»
T,LTS.So?m^Tti«raB K I	S
Wm. Maclean, proprietor of the World, îfur,efe The.Pti,ty act of 8P|te ,8.b”fcia the said delay cotnplain of suchndk which
vSrsrd1;:,	Z ZZ
ïjÇÇfit ssrrss îssls .cl itstus — -
ably changed some week, ago, when La | ^ L)ng b3fore lhe Liberel party will have	S«,Tn a.
Patrie pub. mhed in its editorial columns I n opportunity of appreciating his articId highly eu gishc of Mr. Me- s|rengtbi Canada has faith in protection lean and his aspirations for national de Lod Mr. Tsrte’s recent triumphs cam only
Wtlopment,	be viewed as victories for that grand old
foe parly of which Messrs. Tarte and ,4 ^aticnal Po’icy,'1 as enunciated by Mclean would be the leaders would be, ^esders Gf the Conservative party in the accord.ng to the rumors in circulation, bour victory or defeat. The curtain ie material*y assisted by individual mana* being lowered on the government of ex-
facturera’ Arsociation.	pedieccy and 11 power at any price "
It is also stated thst Hon. Mr. Tarte •will very shortly become a resident of Toronto. He has decided, it appears, to Hive.for.five or six months in the Queen tCity.
and will make him feel perfectly at ease. We sell perfectly fitting Harness.
MACFARLANE BROS
SMART & SMITH.
desires to sell the
O
1902 P" 8 —Sewing Machines and Cream Separators.
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
ÇLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
UICH GLASS AND MEDIUM
WÜ
FURNITURE.
I
land
uture
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
9

JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
Farm for Sale.
Public Notice.
of Clar-
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
Choice
Fall
Goods
now coming in

FACTORY

(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
AT
and

The Starkes Corners
Cheap
Cash
Store.
ready for business.
For Sale
One Dre& Horae, eight yearaefiR weigh*! 1600 pound# ; 6 Milk Cows and Heifer»* (Ayrshire Grade) coming in next wring-two will coatc in about, the Ural of January ; also tlx grade Ayrshire Heifer Calves; one doeen pure-bred Yorkshire Pigs, ready to deliver on the 20th October. All will be Mid at reasonable prioe»—according to quality. Apply to
JAS. ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake.



BEING FVL4Y EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DA'EIC MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING = :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::
Maclean and Tarte
X HUMORED ALLIANOI BETWEEN THE
two Politicians.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mould-Turnings, » to., will bs kept hand and Custom dons am usual.
Groceries always fresh
and select.
Farm For Sale.
**k
Heine the North East Half of lot No. 15 in the 2nd Range of the tow nship of Clarendon, coatoi a log 100 acres of good clay and loomy land, about 30 acres off which are cleared. Otr the premises are a bam and small house. For terms and feller information apply- to Mrs. H. Barr, North Bay, Ont., or
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HOGGINS.
A. LYON, M.Dj
Shnervllle
Here it is I SH*“U'S
an
Strayed
SASH and DOOR
PATENTS
On the premises of James Toner, a brown two-year old Steer. Owner cam have the same at James Tones s. Lot Sk, 3rd Range of Clarendon, by claiming and paying expenses.
FACTORY.
get
anything and everything you require in
Write foreur interesting book* M le veal's Help** and u Mow yoe ere swindled.^ Sr nd us a rough sketch or modekef you vention or improvement and we will tell free our opkrioa as to whether hie probably patentable Selected eppllcatleas have often b^cn Mii-craafdlly prosecuted fy na We conduct fatty equipped offices» tn Montres and Washington ; this quailfic*«s to ly dispatch work and quickly sees as broed a#the invention. Highest famished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge Hr over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
Specialty :-Patent irersand Kugineers.
The Goderich Signal (Liberal) stands by Tarte and refers to bis colleagues in the cabinet who opprsjd him aa “tail-endera." The Signal says :
rin
| I™ connection with my former bust-
lin, AgcitO and En-| l have just placed in position a
amelled Ware.
John F. Riehardeon, a faction man at Fishing River, Man t shot and killed a Galician woman, mistaking her for a deer. The coroner's jury found the shocking to be accidental.
aet of flrst-class machines for the man ufactnre of all kinds of . .
Hon. J. Israel Tarte is, first of all, a news] sper man who believei In a progressive policy for Canada. After that he h a statesman who has endeavored to do more for the development of th'i than was ever attempted by any
IMr Tente Has Resigned
a,
ref
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
Hon. J. Israel Tarte, the one redeem-Sag feature cf the Laurier government, %%# resigned. The man who was “master of the administration," fr>m 1800, and who brought the Liberal party into pf tcached the limit of endurance, anl able to support the Free Trade Protec-po’icy dished up for the Canadian le. severed his connection with the
Uni ed States em gestion returns for the year show a decrease of immigrants from Ireland and China, but an increase of 170 per cent from Japan.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, So.
7
coun	¦¦¦¦¦
of his 'predecessors iu office, lie is in favor of trade and tariff reform suitable to the times and conditions. If he oinnot haves free hand aa a statesman owing to the holding back of the tailen lers among t his colleagues, then he moat needs grapple with the Great questions through his power as a newspaper editor. And that's what he will do.
The Upper Ottawa I. Co. inspector has a man charged with defacing timber and selling some to • mill owner at Campbells
Bay.
of Manuiac-
Forwejkspmat Hon. Mr. Tarte has j MARION & MARION )
been from end to end of Ontario, and in 5 Patent C«pe*s
some of the ether province#, feeling the > Offices 1 | ASSaSSwgNveeUtfaaDX. < public pulse. He is in touch with public	vU)
gentiment to a greater extent than any
other Canadian statement today. Hia -------------------------
backing it not confined to the members of either party, but comprise leading men in trade, commerce, manufac uring and
farming. He has nailed 4 Canadian for A Farm In the Corporation of Shawville, Canadians T to his masthead, anl his east end of Main St., OU acres of land, more
e,h, U,. ..U b. ..u ..«h «sfca-is 5^—. a “tSbii. t, ,w.... ihi.k i.«. i. s» •MKXfxrr
dead, we need only say, look cut for	SAMUEL ARMSTRONG.
Tarte ridivirus,	'Shawville, Que
we
un
tiej
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-clw
work.
most noted assemblage of political demagogues ever gathered together in Canada.
With Mr. Tarte’e departure from the Liberal council board the " death knell” of the government was sounded. Liberals familiar with Canadian politics, are not slow in admitting that their party has suffered a blow from which it will take years to recover. The government's policy of catering to Free Traders and Protectionists, leading each faction to believe that It had the sympathy of the adminis f ration, led to internal strife and then to
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, 1 shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
Farm for Sale.
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. Clarke of Ostawa has purchased 18 head of the famous registered Jerseys from the herd of Mrs. K M. Jones of Brockville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.


###PAGE###5###


BFfW



)



YA



THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
\
Weekly Journal devoted to Leoal Interests.
püblîsebd event thurbdat
AT HHAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUB,
f SUBSCRIPTION—N1. 00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped nntll nil arrearage# are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.	i
To give Starched clothes the finest possible finish with least amount of Ironing use
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
SHAWYILLES’ . .
GREATEST STORE
m
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Bee Starch


$


to:
The
ADVERTISING RATES !

Legal advertising. eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cent# per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and
cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry thret cents 0r Has.
G. F. HODGINS
o
*
Perrin

o
y
SîARCtf
IVjen, Young Men and Boys
Sulkey
Our progressive Clothing business is excelling itself in value-giving this season. Persuasive offerings in Tailored Suits and Overcoats are our forte.
Requires no boiling but only mixing with hot or cold water, The iron cannot stick to the linen when Bee Starch is used.
Asst of three Patent Plat Irene nlckted, In exchange Brand coupons. ^ 4
¦i* •taucm Oo„ Montreal.
Plow.
*' w
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FREE
The» Plows, made in several numbers, are adapted to many natures of soil, but are all titled with the same adjustments and carriages. The weight both'of the plow and the driver is borne on wheels with dust proof bearings and the strain on the horses is less than with any walking plow doing the same work.
The action and work of th plow is controlled ntirely by the driver without leaving his seat or stopping his team, and any man, woman, boy or girl who can drive a team can '.o more work in a day than an experienced plowman can do with any Walking or any other Hiding Plow, and do it as well.
Every Plow is provided with a Spring Lift and adjustments for regulating by Lever the width and depth of furrow and lay of the sod, adjustable lock for striking out and finishing up land, etc.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.

Business Cards.
Court Shawville,
No_816.
Meets tbe 4th Wed nee day of every month.
Court dues roust be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren eor I vH dlally invited.
MEDICAL.
LO.F
co
I
Read
DR. mcNAUCHTON.
4
*
8
PERFECTION BRAND
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cutbherteon, opposite
•h*
At home-Mondey. Wedneedsyend Set-urday afternoons. Telephone In office.
L.B.C.
Our Sack and double-breasted Suits are all made by union workmen. We have them in Black and Blue Worsteds, also in Tweeds in small designed Checks and fancy Woven Strips.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
H. 8. Barsbtt, F.B 1 q
R W. Honours, C. R.
A. SMILEY.
o
!
CEO. HYNES,

OQ
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D., C. M
•I
F. T. M. C.
Créditai* of Trinity University, Toronto ; Orsdtuie of Victoria University, Toronto, fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omen amd R mammae* : J. H Anwar memo's Hovel, MAIN STREET • • EH AW VILLE.

SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
o
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER, |6
8HAWVTLLE, - - QUE
4»
g
- OVERCOATS -
legal.
The most popular Overcoat yet introduced, for Men, Young Men and Boys, made in Dark Gray and Steel Gray effects, with Cuffs, Slack Pockets, Velvet Collar, and Box Back. See these.
bo
D. LECUERRIER,
I
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Wednesday, Thurs week. Office at ence.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of | cj Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Will visit Bryson on w v day and Friday of every R. McC. Ritchie's reside
3
O
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
g
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest req ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
attendance. Open day and night.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
• #
ulsltes to the most elegant-All calls receive personal
The Grosvenor.
Wm. GAMBLE,
ADVOCATE, *o.,
Offloe : Trust Building, No. 48 Spark»
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVII.LB EVERY MONDAY.
District and Country.	JP, JJQDGINQ
Come and see our Prices.
A Galician wo-nan was shot and killed by a hunter mistaking herfor a dter near Dauphin, Manitoba.
A German engineer has reported that
•he deposit f«f c al *t Che'm*h»rd, Ontario,
•< anlui«ct<i .
Wm. McGilii vr*y. a i n\l and nap^fed res d jn« nl Fi z«»y ll«b «r, has p»ss« d tosy. D ceased was well-kuomn on th
/> p/a	VA/Oir HT I river, and lor tome years tilled >h<» toi-
vtv*	ft Rlvn 1 f J iioQ Jf deputy master at the Chats slide.
advocate, BARRISTER, AC., 0lOMndhMk.in broUfor (b. con.
or THE PROVINCE Oh Ql ,	stfUClioil of <46 UCW lutllbtf mill of the
T™“	OM.
Phone No. 1.L4.	abdtit a mile above Dtsihones R p.d#,
Attends courte of Ottawa and Pontiac I d w[\\ cost about $20Q,000.
Districts.
L B. DEVLIN, IH.Â., B.G.L.
Another Gold Medal for
ADVOCATE,
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.

190 Main St., Hull. Qvk.
Will attend Courts of districts of Ottawa and Pontiac.
CP.
9


l LONDOM)
The Pan American Exposition Gold Medal (the highest award) was awarded to John Labatt’s Ales and Stout.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street,-QUEBEC.
Rifles.
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
Several months ngo H. Onyetfe, barris-
.d mit for $10,000 dmage. a^n.t the «»*>*- nor!turn Cauca.ua kt.lmg the Clerk of the Dl.trlct Magistrate.' Court. c|t, and lha „ her day Judge K chor, conduct, r and P.ince Gedevanoff, who CommlMloner and Conveyancer. Deeds, aw;rded hin $3,200 damages aud costs wae a P it,f,0n$fr and robb€û a11 ofc,iera on Mortgages. ete., executed i- ,;m_. •“*»] satis-	injuries he suffered.	I *be train,
raetoriiy.
follows
About a dozen business establishments
were burned. The
W. W. IRELAND,
at Snediac, N. B loss ia between $80,000 and $100,000.
Price, $8 00 Price, $5 00 Price, $8 00
SPENCER REPEATER. 7 Shot, 56 Cal., Rim Fire SHARP'S SINGLE SHOT, 56 Cal., Rim Fire.. SHARP'S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.,.....

The King's birthday, Nov. 9, w II not be a holiday, as provided by statute, but its observance will bo carried forward to May 24 h of next yeir.
• • •
:o:
The Dominion Supply Co. having made j Rumor has it that electric light will be arrangements to take out a large number transmitted from Pakenham to Arnprior, of logs on the Quyon river during the b distance of about ten miles. At Vak-coming winter, having torn down the old enham they have more light than is want-sawmill, which it is intended to replace j ed there and it is cheap, by a structure better adapted to cope with the extended operations of next season.—Pontiac Advance.
McDOUSALL & CUZITER, 4"SI Hardware Merchants, • -
postponed on account of an appeal to the
iBi ^ iiiSil ^
elation for the Prevention of Consump- exporting pulpand will manufacture paper present generation war without mules to tion, and pointing out how its humane for the English market.	haul the wagons of the oommbsariat would
work may be helped.	ea_n	! be jtered at. The long eared, obdurate,
of Orslow. Mr. S'eele left his bed and Woodstock, and the East Middlesex case at Lorain, Ohio, have ca led upon lhe I soldiers are to be conveyed, hred at brum, and the animal disappeared fc(jjourned to Osgoode Hall for argument, pastor to secure a divorce from hie wife, up the mountain side Nt\t morning AR the evidence being taken.	the mother of the girl, who has offended
tha chase wt ranawad and a .hot from	by approving of th. girl', action. There
the family Snider ended the career of the Porch-climbers obtained jewellery val- evidently not much danger of the
ViirniE» bear, wh.ch proved to be an old veteran ued at fl.OOO from Mr. John Drynan'a Chriatianit, of the deacon, c.u.ing them tt AI 4 Is VIA là EB j in the pink of condition, full of partridge house in Queen’s Park, Toronto, while to wear out the knees of tkeir trousers.
shot, minus a paw and weighing 400 the family were at dinner one night. The	___
pounds.
QUE.
8HAWVILLE
Sussex St. Ottawa.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
money to loan on hast terms.
BRYSON,
J. J. TURNER,
Pontiac Bales conducted In a basin and	™J^d dlspowd*1"fYy^pabll! *ound *n eu®°‘eDfc quantities, it will be
He’sales* conducicd*Vt “siawid\ 1™"<>n oe *a month, a variety of article# always on hand for sale; Office : Bhawvllle,Que.
WESTERN RAILWAY.
DAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Commencing Oct. 12 trains will leave Canadian Pacific Union Station :
GRACEFIELD SECTION.
Lv. 5.05 p.m., Ottawa Ar. 9.30 &.m.
Ar. 7.40 p.m., Gracefield, Lv.7 a.m.
WALTHAM SECTION.
Lv. 5.15 p.m. Ottawa, Ar. 9.40 a.m Ar. 8.45 p.m., Waltham, Lv. 6.25 a.m.
Peddlar Murdered.
G.I.B0MliS01,
4 HORRIBLE DISCOVERY MADE Ilf A If OVA SCOTIA MINE.
PRACTICAL
Halifax, N. S., October 23.—With skull bettered in and his face covered with blood from a great wound en the side of hie face, the dead body of an Ar satisfied that HUMANS cannot CONTRACT | meniin pedlar, who had been reordered, consumption from cattle.
mad
JEWELLER

men had a narrrow escape bat finally es
> -
Dr. Koch s Theory.
caped.
The Buckingham Post says : A company comprising Rev Father Lortie, I Metsrs. Camille Lapointe and Henry Lortie, ot Notre Dame de la Salctte ;
Joseph Tomkiewicx, of Poltimore, and American capitalists organize a large
SILVERWARE | Ditto Ruuyille, of Paris, France, to be
known as The River da Lievre Telephone
Co, purposes building and operating a
telephone line between Buckingham and
Notre Dame de la Salette. The capital
SH À WVIIIP 0 18,°ck os the company will be $10,000 of ÜÜI1 " 1 UihD, j. | whioh $1,000 in .iready paid up. In the
i e aacodl^ of
doubt, the lire
IS
ism
A «Lier STOCK or

was found this afternoon in the tunnel of the famous old Teonycape mine, a Berlin, Oct. 23.—Dr. Koch speaking I short distance from Noel. The horrible at the International Tuberculosis Con-	]	discovery waa made by two men who bad
ferencs which opened here yesteidiy, will	J	been out hunting	At they were going
Detroit,	Mich., Oct. 23.—An	important I state emphatically that he adhered to his	;	along the rosd to	Tenny Cape they met
meeting of capitalists	was held	here	yes-	theory regarding the non communie.hi*-	Armenian peilar,	who was struggling
teeday, at which there was organized the >*y of consumption from animale to man. under two packs, which he had strapped Great Lakes Paper Mills Cmpany with a| He says that after ex peri mentir g for j across his back. Shortly after passing capital stock oi $800,000. The incorpor- j fifteen months to demonstrate the pos him they found teverol sma’l trinkets store aie Edward V. Douglas, of Phils »ble fallacy of his position : during which much as oairied byptddhrs lying on the delphia, Pa. ; Frank S. Lewis, Philedrl-| he employed large numbers of cattle at : road, ind eome distance further saw
the expense of the Russian government patches of blood and evidence of a strug- ! he had faded to discover oifè iota of evj-j g!e. The men became suspteioui and at dence to shake his previous convictions, once made up thetr minds that a crime tie adds that it must te borne in mind bad been committed. When they reached that only humans ate immune, as bovine j Tenny Cape Uiey in vrmed parties there tuberculosis has been conveyed to swine. 1 and searching parties set ou*, with the He describes a work recently issued by ! above result. The body was taken to the United States agricultural department1 Tenny Cape, where an inquest will be dealing with his theory, as more like a held. The other pedlar, who was passed lawyer's defence of a criminal than a on the road, was captured atii held in judic al view of a scientific subject. Z I custody.
New Paper Mills
For tickets or further information apply City Ticket Office, 42 Sparks St., or Union Depot, C. P. R.
H. B. SPENCER. GEO. DUNCAN,
Gen. Superintendent. Dis. Pas. Agent.
WATCHES,
CLOCK*,
JEWELLERY,
• 9

ft*
mît

CONCERN FOB THE SAÜLT.


'i
âc. Ac.
M

RipAranm—
ASpBcuLirv:




<
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
event of the scheme beiu wBSmm teems little
will be continued north until L'Orignal, phia, Ps.; Francis H. Clergue, Sault S*e. HAVING PARLOR, eome 100 miles up i# reached	vfsrie, Oot.; Camuron Currie, Detroit;
The department of publie works, Otta-	Frank J. Hocker, Detroit. The articles
wa, has given $300.00 to the project,	of incorporation were filed with the secre
Speaking with Mr. Henry Lortie, the	tsrv of state at Lansing. The mills, which
____ng spirit in the venture, The Post will be located at the United States Soo,
was informed that the moneyed men of	will be modern in every respect, and will
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Buckingham, some of whom Mr. Loi tie	be built entirely of stone, brick and steel.
Good Shampoo, oi	named, are not the only ones to conceive	They will receive power from the new
A Clean Shave.	I and carry out ideas of value to the die- canal, and will have a capacity of 125
trict.	tons per day.
HA W VILLE
s
To her well, watch the latest p - ices formation in the special TlAbl PRESS.
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
movi
The spot for—
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Tour Turn next



« »













###PAGE###6###



m r-


>


«6 «

y
WATOH BUT FOR SIBERIA
SEALS OF IfEWFOUNDLAPte
Wide awake men from both England and the United States are lo bo found engaged in monay-mak-concerns throughout Russia. Their intelligence modern	a Indian cos
valuable.
I TEE mss OF ALMADEÏ.
A MODEL MAYOB.
>
¦ ^	40,000 to 50,000 hides awl several Samuel Jones,
""sssrss: ™„>». ,2%;,%, ».. "Ee •sMsrmm
I	are usually paid regular wages for ^,n#hiP# editor of the Journal of	....
g§si p*®* -
P«n«i for a very large proportion 'of rLANTS von J:xTIIACT1NO OIL. ncss u8 weU^s'“"¦ocW1MUAtionï! | their revenue, is the seal üshoriesnnn An extensive area of the water- Mr. Samuel Jones, the Mayor of their revenue, is the seal fisheries h*out in St. John's harbor is taken Tho extent of the cod fishery is ! UP w|th wharves, on which aro gitr great that tho former vocation is u«ted plants for extracting and comparatively little known, except !Lho <IOttl oil. Thp method em-to these who are engaged in	tho	Ptoyod is quite similar to that foi-lyou
manufacture of seal leather, or	arc	towed in tho United States for ex- text printed in	largo	letters
directly interested in the pursuit, Acting oil from fats, tho blubber ¦ the walls of his office but when it is stated that the value,	boiled in largo kettles, and I Just before East or of each	year ho
of the hides of tho yearly catch	av-	t,lti fluid in its crude state drawn off [sends a letter	to each of his
erage $000,000. and that the sealing	hV automatic conveyers into recep-1ployess, asking	them	to tell hinfl	I	¦
floot may bring 1n from 300,000 tojtadee. From those It la passed j wherein ho has failed to live up to I 1 ror ,hlUPt has boon investigating
^WÊ	1	§	to [this rule	them. ,
duty on Uie.se articles, there is an ot tho year, an idea of its import- lo treated according to the grade This Is 'not done as u nuitter of quen ly mentlonc<1 in the Bible, and opening for Canadian goods, and ance bo gained. In fact, it is a which it is desired to secure. It is form, but simply that he may bo for u‘° ,ast f*« or throe years has ^ Mr	Allan	aaw	some Toronto	ma-	wource which represents from 15 to I then barreled and shipped principal- given nn opportunity	of	making	b*m deeply	Interested	in	tho	subject,
chinos	on	sale	there	l.abor	saving per cent, of tho value of the cod 1/ 1° Great Britain and tho United , right any wrong lie may	have done	,s	attent ion	was	called	to	It	when
devices such as trucks,	jaoks	and	tho	ûahery, although	not as	many ve^	Stales.	another. Ho asks that they write	ho tool; up a study	of the Song of
like are not known In	Russia,	and	se,s	engaged	in seal	catching at	Tho highest quality of	tho oil	Is ex-	. to him frankly, and, if they have a	; Solomon, which he	has recently is-
all that is needed to open a trade Prient os a decade ago. From 20	for lubricating purposes, be-[criticism to make and do not want	,n u“* tho gems of Tarsh-
for this class of goods	is to	imprem	to 80	loeve the	port of	St. John's	tog almost	colorless	awl of	light	to make it personally, Uiat, rather	,sh nro hoipiently	referred to. and
at the	beginning	of the	season, in	weight. A	medium grade forme a	than not make it at all, they write	,s *ta,cd in the	Rook 0f Cliron-
va lu able ingredient in the manufao-1 anonymously.	iclvs t hat the King’s ship» went
Some of tho sealing companies own	turo of soap, and much of tho pro- j Near his place of business, Mr. bo larshisli, and ' every throe years
I I ® ®	P -------- --------j. »..xs	— -------w™.. Tho gna- duco from tho St. John’s refineries is ! Jones has a large enclosure made once cane the aliips of Taiahleh
nciaase^ of exports to tho London	one finds almost all classes of	goods	80,1 lasts from six weeks to two	disposed of for this purpose. As a purposely for tho children to piny ,bunging gold and silver, Ivory,
market, lhvso arc the words of	being manufactured with the	most	month», being tho period whon float-	seal of tho largest size yields from in. There are swings, a huge sand- aP** and peacocks, ms well as van
* Allan, who only recently re- modern machinery.	ing ice is encountered along the ^0 to 40 pounds of blubber, which is pile, àltu other attractions which ',MJS precious atones and gems. Prof,
turned from a trip	to that country.	Mr. Allan	attended	the great ba-	Eastern coast of the island and the	rich in oil, tho liquid products of	make it a place of delight. Mothers	1,A”!d	»»>**	recently;
,	^ not	formed on any	*aar that is	held for	six weeks ev-	peninsula of Labrador. I&ich craft	the	animal may lie	nearly as valua-	who have a hard day's work to	do 'V	applying modern scientific	mo
s igiit a<*|uamianco with the con- ery near at Nijni Novgorod in Rue- carries as many men as can possibly ble ns th) hide. Within recent years come and drop their babies over the	to archaeological investiga-
liions for he	has been paying	sia. Représentatifs	of ail nations	bo stowed away without interfering	the	hitter has been	in groat demand	fence upon tho sand-pile, and	go	y°ns	we	are able to throw much
\iats to Kudfcia	for over twenty	gather there	to buy and sell. It is	wHh a cargo space. No difficulty is	for	the manufacture	of a variety of	away feeling sure that the child	can	on	such matters. | For	in-
> ou i », and no man in ( anada has typical eastern fair, and the volume found in obtaining as many man ns articles, such ns pocket books, belts, ; come to no harm, and will pla y ®tunoc, by the nid of astronomy, we i; d a setter opportunity to observe of business in the six weeks is phe- required for the voyages which arc satchels, and cases for toilet ar- happily for hours.	jltrc nt,|o to determine accurately the
its slow but certain movement from	nominal. Figures will tell.	Mr.	made during a time when tho cod	tides. None of it is manufactured On the fence of this enclosure, in chronology of the Assyrian people.
igiiOiance v> enlightenment. Russia	Allan says over four hundred	thou-	fishermen are usually prevented from	in St. John's, the hides usually be-, large letters, the Golden Rule is,°n various tablets written by the*#
a groat country, with a mammoth s*ad people visited this fair last following their vocation, owing to 'ing "pickled” in a preserving laid, | printed, where it is constantly be- People wo find mention of Popn A ion, out all its leople are year, and the lunount of traniao- the inclement weather, and they arc packed in hogsheads and then sent fore tho eyes of tho children, and in	& CERTAIN ECLIPSE
.^ th »kan. er<\n,,.t, ‘«nor-	reached $250.000,000. The oagor to take up any work which to tho tannerie».	|.pedal places it ia varied to suit
ht.«rate people to master the tiadcs	Floating ice may be encountered gatioii on the bays, when the re- Later one of the citizens of Toledo thc Great Sen, and indeed was al»... vP««	| a beco™ «*»• sïï5 Mr.’SràSüzi : K'sAitf tjts j ays	rjs ks t
suî.'sçti.'s=¦»= —a»3S£*Awwwrr. Ts-safssr swwss&vjsus^irflrurua,s
ac ones, and the ignorant a few	These moving masses constitute a ln6 thc 6P,intf nnd summer.	ho said with a laugh, "when a mun his servants, to go on the ships
>«us ago are tho foundation of this 1 bo year 1902 is likely to go down great hunting ground, on which the	--+---- sits down in tho end sent of the of Solomon. Hero common sense,
| industrie^ development.	in history ns an "annus mira- teals aro frequently so numerous	FAMOUS SHY MEN.	| street car and holds a newspaper fwith other* archaeological evidence.
Now, where Russia figures as a 01	. Dy which term the years of that 100 may be seen upon a single	___ *	[before his face while other* stand, bears out my theory.
rival to Canada is in agriculture, fP°C,a . î\,sastcr hav?, î?een known cake, perhaps but 300 or 400 feet Great Actor Who Tried to Avoid unable to pass him, it is usually not I “As to tho stones themselves, as and it will be astounding to learn :, lMJti 1 1 le u^cq't Although Jw»t long and 100 feet in width, while in	Recognition.	I tong before some one behind him a matter of fact, although the mines
that one province in Siberia ex-	three-quarters finished, 1902 already	a poor season a	floe of ice a mile '	will begin to say. To not hold	the	aro not worked at present for the
ported 24 million pounds of butter	h‘us	to 1151 record an appalling loss	square may not	contain over half a	The	late	Prince Albert,	one of	end sent in the street car,	while	purpose of getting out the stones,
in one year. And it exports eggs in °\Jl ,	dozen, sometimes none at nil.	gentlest and most amiable, was others are standing, any longer1 great numbers of beautiful crystals
as proportionately largo quantities. #	fewer than one hundred thous- As soon as an	ira pack is sighted	a*so one of	the most shy and rotir-	than-,' and the man in the	end	arc tound. These crystals are of a
Butter comes from creameries sup-	a.	human beings have fallen vie-	with a herd of	tho animals, thc	|ng °*	mcn-.	^ir Theodore	Martin,	scat slides along."	substance known as chrysallite and
plied with every modern appliance, Vms,'	than half of these nearest vessel places enough men on *n explaining thc causes of this,	------_______ arc a variety of cinnabar.
TiS" S3, iss .rShu^SK:	rssjrs	z „»”• «>» ««» »»». the™ *™ rub,es.
to be found away in northern Si- 1 ho remainder was occasioned by handwood ranging from»G to 10 feet	jt wil1 Please, and is without	the	' >>ncu "ools arc wet, remove them
beria, and a rather peculiar thing othcr catastrophiee—the earthquakes jn length. At the end of the pole is	confidence and the vanity which	of-	j tt9 soon as Possible, as they may be	'inters	of	the Bible	speak	of	tho
was drawn attention to by Mr |in Guatemala, the floods in China, fastened a weapon, which has a	tcn GO to form characters outward-	90 treated that no harm will result;	j'gems	of Tarshish/ by	thc use of a
Allan. They not only ship their *Pd ^1C mining disasters in the blade or point at one end and a ly more gonial/'	I *>ut lf Gi°y are allowed to dry, or ,term which, when again translator
eggs in the shell, but the yolks and |United Stntes and Canada.	knob of steel at the other. With Charles Mathews, tho actor, who ]	Initially dry, upon thc feet, [into the modern languages, is found
‘whites’’ are sent away separately! ^ *°se students of history predict this the seal is given a heavy blow entertained crowded houses night nf-1	Wl , injured. As soon as to mean 'chrysallite.' This chrysal-
in tins, to be used for a chemical	moro tcrrible calamities to follow,	upon the head, while the length of	tcr night, was naturally one of the	Uioy are taken ofï rub them	thor-	litc	Is a crystal	of cinnabar con-
purpose. Stud farms dot tho coun-|basing thelr Predictions chiefly	on	the polo enables tho man to keep a	shyest of men. He would even	°u{*'hly w,lh	60(1 flannel cloth to	taining 85 per	cent, of mercury,
try and thc finest broods of horses tbe common belief that "misfortunes safe distance from the animal's make long circuits (lame though he tuko °™ tr0 d|/t, and rub out as When gold is placed In contact with are raised. Russia gets its butter |ncvcr como singly.’’	toeth. It is killed by ropeated wen) along tho bye-lancs of Lon- ( ”‘uc 1	dampness as possible, it amalgamation takes place at once
and eggs to the British market much	! In. another dreadful year, that	of	blows on the head, leaving the body	don to avoid recognition. His wife	^uc“ ()f th®	ordinary dressing	for	and	thc gold turns to a silvery col-
che&per than does Canada because it	Ibf’fi. in England, there is no	ap-	unharmed, as an injury to it would	says of him that he looked sheep-	} ac v	docs more harm	than	or.	Tho ancients	considered
has no exorbitant freight rates with Paront rca-son why one disaster fol- [ damage the value of the pelt or skin,	toll" ftIld confused if recognized,	and	G0od- causing them to crack and	complete, transformation had	taken
which to contend	lowed another. That was tho year which is the most valuable portion	that his eyes would fall and his	col-	**oughen. so that t*e outer surface of	'place	as	is shown In	several	infollowing the occurrence of the Black ()f thc animal.	or would mount if lie heard his name t,lc leaMier Peels off in spots. When stances in Pliny The gold and the
... «JL, ...............ss!2rs^ii;.5K.ss.u5 couraoeovs.	,n p"",e """" “¦*;r«s-Hitsa liai-1 s. "
! V	UJ?t hc l,rinG1,l8 a sur- [ leaving one hundred thousand dead. Tho herds have not the courage of It is related of Garrick that when 1 boots- A vcry Good polish for Vems which no doubt were secured
aiding in d%lo%g the country/th®	^	^ nt®	^ ** *** and	sllbPoena*d on Barrel! s trial and ! b°ots o| any color, when they are [either from the mine or from the im-
x ng t rich in its agriculture, Spain suffered from a great drought along tho ice and leaping into the	the court—though he had been
manufacture and mines, lho ami is that dried up the springs and shriv- water. To guard against this the	customcd Tor thirty years to
no so much to make the roads pay @n@d the crops. At tho same time mon take positions along the edge of US, ° r	People se'thMl in the ihc fertile fields of Germany and the the floe, and endeavor to force them
iu i district», and then the revenue |thine valley were laid waste by toward the conter, where they are Avi, come to the «overnment. Cheap floods. Italy was shaken with easily dispatched, and left in piles a>or and cheap transportation lig- earthquakes.	. to be taken back in boats to the
la ving Russia a serious com- The year 1755 was made an "an- scaler. If tho herds are quite num-
petuor or Canada or any othcr nus mirabilis" by the Lisbon earth-1 crous every man available is placed agricultural country. Butter for the quilke An I I ¦ I T I	¦ ¦¦
English market is being made 2,600 than tho wllole continent of Europe
m 1rs east of Moscow shipped in wn8 violently shaken, nnd the loss rold stui age to the Kiel Canal, and o( ]jfe wa9 estimated variously at thon on fast steamers to the North from ono hundred thousand to one bea smi to Engiaml. Not only are hundred and fifty thousand
rv™	z^rssr^ tr %
roubles or $42.50 ,n Canadian mo- mosphcrlc disturbances of unusual
to'viudi vo Jok "iV laoti” m,>snnd mag,lUude' sU,rmS’ drOU«hte’ etC' one can travel that long distance for 95 roubles, because the railroad makes the rates cheaper the greater the distance. Mr. Allan, though he confesses the trains travel very slowly, says they arc exceedingly
comfortable.
of Toledo, Lives
SOON WILL BE A DANGEROUS
FOE TO CANADA.
and familiarity with
makes them
It Is Getting a Tight Grasp on the Markets of Great Britaim,
Siberia, though âynonomous with barbarism and ignorance, exile and cruelty, ice-cold and barren, to most Canadians and to the great majority of English-speaking people on this continent, is rising, in fact, now is, Canada's greatest competitor in the markets of the world. Our ignorance of the greatness of that distant land, of the development that has marked its progress in recqnt years, and of the grip it has taken on the British market, must be removed. Siberia is not bleak and' desolate ; it is rich and fertile» Its I lands bring forth great crops
Rdssia's tariff is tremendously protective, and when it is changed the move is made suddenly. Tho Minister of Finance on inquiry finds that higher or lower protection at all is needed for a certain article, lie acts in the night, never discus»-ing the necessity for a change, like tho public men of Canada, for days and months before it is brought about. It usai a a interests are always considered. Canada must look after Russia, not as a market for its good», but as an opponent for Canada's goods in the world's market. That is the marked impression of Mr. Allan, who kept his eyes and ear» wide open during the trip. Hush i B** manufacture» a lot of machinery
lhi-'niocWn^device/' or%Hcuhur!'	***£rfuTÎ, there'“Tno 1300.00(7of tbew	e^i through the reiinlng appmtui,
and to-day Russia, in which Siberia figures to & remarkable extent, deluging the markets of the great cities of Britain with its farm produce, until at the present moment it figures as our most dangerous opponent for agricultural supremacy.
I feel considerably concerned over | the native with the agricultural compelition wo have ! pediting
to face with Russia. That country ,f this sort Russia maie#"mosT‘“ôf	_____________„
<au put ua to shame with its rapid its ow# machinery and in Moscow or six vessels each ...	I^pta * London ,	_	_ _	____
these aro the words of ( being manufactured with the jgj* H	re-, modern machinery.
Tho mine» to which King Solomon sent hi» whips with tho vaut» of King IHrum of Tyro to got precious stones with which to decor. .	....	.	. .	.	» ; , ttt0 t,l° Temple in Jerusalem uro tho
Toledo Ohio I» nuking to ndinlnl.- !tolnM of Almad«m. owned end work-ter all the alfa its of hi* office accord
I ing to tho precept
or none
sor-
? *i™,a E5i- rsfSSrHs
as
University and ono of tho best Orientalists in America, are In the Province of South we» torn Spain.
Those mines Cordfiy. in
em-
it» value in exlabor. Apart from tilings March
Wo convoy this information to our
I
'


while to-day been

»
i
»
*
»
"Now wo find that ancient" trans-
that
Russia owns its railways
peeeeeeeeeeeHHepepepeeipeeeeeeeewimia.	,	n**
leaving one hundred thousand dead. Tho herds have not the courage of It is related of Garrick that when 1 1)00(8
thc fur	seal	or	sea	lion,	and	endea-	subpoenaed on Darrell's trial and boots °* any color, when they _ vsviiv,	eevsee	vii^	hiiiiv ... ..
out the central portion of London, vor to esrape	by throwing themselves	required to give his evidence, before j not badly worn, is to rub the** with 1 mediate vicinity “arid were" used for
¦fir-....................mt............
with the greatest self-possession in ; ^ler fcbocs. are the hardest of all tq 1 the presence of thousand»—he became I J*00P looking nice, thc nature of the so perplexed and confused that
other

_______i purposes in the temple.
Patent Iqa-f blended beautifully and made a gorgeous effect.	z
vue iiruaeBvS oi vnousanu»-ne Became| —^	«—, % % ,,,uu"7 vue» • There is no doubt in mind that
¦lilsipill
%m,cr?!tcoS ! FOR HUSBANDS AND WIVES. '"!%/	the mine»
to his own account of himself, cor-j Marriage is often a failure because Alroaden were used solely for responded with the appellation. He ¦ men and women do not understand purpose carried away on tho ship, where it ( was directed, by way of remedy, to each other. Hero aro some things which! is> separated and packed in" cases, copy the example of the best-man- which please a woman:
The hides themselves	are	rubbed inered men he met in society; but the	To bo called sensible
with a preparation which is	made [attempt to do this only increased	To be complimented on being	well	years ago	which	produced	a	better
up principally of salt to prevent de- his shyness, and he failed.	| dressed.	grade of quicksilver the Spanish
When the table is spread for thc composition, and packed in the hull | It is not usual to find Americans	To be told that she Is fascinating,	mines lost their standing,	nnd for »
luncheon with which London's city with the blubber casks. Then the who are really shy, but Nathaniel	To be told that she improves a	number of	years they	have been
fathers are to entertain King Ed- men on the floes return to their re- Hawthorne was shy to thc extent of : man by her companionship.	! owned nnd worked by Baron Itoth-
ward and Queen Alexandra every- spcctivc ships, and the voyage is morbidity. (He has been observed, |	To depend on some man and pro-	schild for	the iron ore	they eon-
thing from soup to nut» will bo tho continued northward.	when a stranger entered the room	tend that she is ruling him.	tain."
best tho market can supply. There <^^IAL^ FROM THREE FT. LONG where lie waa' *° turn h*9 bac* *°r I	To bo treated sensibly and
are to be covers laid for 800 guests,	j the purpose of avoiding recognition, lest)v, and not as a butterfly
and to supply the delicacies of thc The seals which are secured are of And yet, when the crust of his shy-j no head or heart, season and wines oi tho finest vint- the common or hair variety and nee* was broken, no man could bo To And happiness in being ruled by age, the ratepayers, very few of range from three to six and seven jnore cordial and genial than Haw- an intellect that she can look t
5@sa*gg	-- isss-r :
tuous repast it is said will cost. But will sell at an average	price	of $1 Animale attend a church, service In have a soft, gentle, magnetic	hand '^ »’trtthout feezing	as
zrf	sua ss&	kvtæ	^	^	-
enormously large, but that was the hides, however, sell as high ok three ed by their owner» on All Soul’s aWaV the care-torn expression nnd amount that was to have been ex- dollars each in thc raw or untanned Day, and the church is turned into a wrinkles from his brow. To have a pended on the June festivities. When state. Between April 15 and	May	domestic menagerie. The seats are	woman's strength to help	him	over l
the city fathers asked the Shah to 1, tho movement of the animals	removed, and tho animals can trot	the weak places in life.	I
lunch some years ago the spread south on the floes ceases and	the	about or ilo down where they will. To have a woman lead	him	In the
they provided for their guests cost season ends, the fleet returning	to	After the ceremony the live stock is	way he wants to go.
much more than that which will bo St. Johns.	formally handed "Over to the monks, I To have a woman treat him some-
placed before the King and Q«**eu An indication of the extent of the who receive little other payment for I times ns a big baby, to bo cured for Alexandra ** October *5.	industry c?4i bo gained when It is their service».	land caressed.	’
area greater in extent upon tho floes, and the work of collecting the dead seals postponed until thc killing is finished.
If tho weather is favorable, often tho pelts arc taken from the bodies Besides on tt*e ice, as the blubber, from which the oil in secured, clings to the insides of thc skins, and can be

the
at
the
of securing quicksilver, know, is composed When mines
as you
chiefly of mercury were discovered in California setnu
»
WILL BE A G HEAT FEAST
average Canadian shivers when he thinks of Siberia. It is so cold, he imagines, but that is a mistaken impression. Tobolisk, a thrifty province in Siberia, though fixe degrees north of Winnipeg, is very much like Ontario in appearance, but is far hotter in summer. Then, Siberia and the poor exile always go together, but the Humane Canadian will be glad to know, from as good an authority as Mr. Allan, that they hax^e cut loose. The exile system has been done away with, and only the most dangerous of criminals are domiciled in Siberia, and, at that, on an island on the Pacific coast. Siberia is full of mineral deposits that are being
capitalized by th
Tho
hon-
with
CAUSES SNEEZING
up
Even in planing the wood it
snuff
j will sometimes cause sneezing. - . insect, worm, or barnacle will touch It is very bitter to the taste, and when * placed in water it will sink. Thc color is light brown and tho grain very close and hard. For
Jetties It W a kjrg while
I
*
No
il1

vork
s, or lasting a
A I
pushing Yankee and yed English
K*w
li t »

tor
UIK
L



pSpKgtfE»^.- u2^ St-w_ SkL-

j
###PAGE###7###




•eeâ*e*ââ***#**é*ft4**S mealtime l.o often had to listen to
oli man's bitlnSiSSMHH
faultfindings, still ho did not find himself any sort of ft martyr, ¦ tlio mother wae always there,
* ~ was Hnrah, and deorge, all of them gently supplying him needs. They didn't need thought.	-
One night, when he had tiecn at tho farm hou.se for nearly a month, the old man was taken nick. In the morning Oeo,_ went for the doctor,
who proved to bo a pleasant, intelligent man
malt
Mix with warm water until about as thick an batter; put into a double boiler and «et into the and cook for five hours.
<'heesc.—One and one-fourth cup «trained tomato juice nut butter
été*
A WHOLESALE EXECUTION
Japanese, which Dr. Norton attended, the victims were .made to kneel over
and
At the Old
About the
House
oven
___ 1	I	the graves w'AMfe had
THIRTY-SIX CHINESE BEHEAD | dug for them. When they!
ED IN ONE AFTERNOON
been were ®de-
capitated heads and bodies full into the trenches.
Before leaving China Dr. Norton communicated his views on decapitation to Vice-Consul Langhorns at Canton.
Hoes decapitation cause install-1 tended a.numbi-r oi executions and fancons death ? JJr. Oliver It. Nor- *118 observation* bear cut Dr, Nor-
u nd I * O* ii con ten tio n that l d g <i«>us . not cause instantaneous death.
for
and
Nut
Farmhouse
"
ono rup | onc-half cup brownel flour, one-ha)f teaspoonful salt, mix; cook for throe and one-half hours.
A Naval Surgeon Says the Sever ed Heads Live After Decapitation.
to talk, he
Malcolm Claire leaned back comfortably and looked idly from the car window at the swiftly passing green fields, dotted with bright aplnshc# of color where the wild roars clustered. lie scarcely remt-m-bered when he had had time to no, 11

HINTS FOR THE HOUSEWIFE
KEEP FEED COVERED
White kid shoes, like white gloves, Many articles of food are grout
aSSr^iliiiEl —IESIWsSE
° ^,4oflth! dr,ve Uie con- nap, injuring the appearance of the use after remaining uncovered for u mo(h *?rvlc1ellinl ,ho Philippines, and summer.	ve euon drifted to the Winter’s [ shoo and causing it to soil more few hours. Pulverized charcoal is a , 0,1 1,10 ttllied forcc6 marched to j l he Klondike excitement caused at
lli«‘ week before, Dr. Westell	had	Household.	How those young peo-	easily.	Wet a	smail piece	of clean powerful absorber of gases und if a	t,he rHicf	,)f *'ekin b® accompanied	great demand for dogs capable
told him in very plain terms	that	D'c can be	satisfied with a life like	white	flannel	in gasoline	and	rub dish of it is	kept near where butter	lhrm* 11	wne on thiH «xpedition	drawing sleds, , and many dogs
only jfbaoluto rust and quiet would ,nnt ,s «ore than 1 can compre- from the too upward with even	and milk stand, will nurifv the air	Ulut hc gathered	the data that	civilized breeds were taken there by
•a vit him from an enforced vacation "eml, remarked Malcolm. "They1 strokes, rubbing till dry. Do not	and prevent menace to the family	,ormH tho basis of	his declaration	newcomer». Hut to me, writes Tap-
of three or four years. "Go out in ™st Iw utterly without ambition/’ I have the flannel too wet. When af-	It should be often renewed Flour	thnt the (!valh °r il	««“ beheaded Is	pan Adncy in Our Animal Friends,
the comitry,” lie had said in his the doctor made no reply for a few ter many cleanings tho white shoes	jellies, jams, etc. all absorb .ram*»’	"<>*'instantaneous.	At Canton he	tho ideal dog of the north will al-
short, crisp tones, "and take board mijiutes, then he said slowly, with look gray and shabby they can bo	I and should be kept closely covered	wil,:e>8<d the execution of thirty-	ways tie the dog whose breed has
m a quiet farmhouse, where they |an odd look upon his face, "1 have j transformed into tan shoes by the	and in a cool, well ventilated room	FIX ('hinC9e 1,1 000	afternoon, and	been for generations accustomed
don’t take a paper or discuss	poll-	known George and Sarah ever since	use of	tincture	of saffron.	Mix	ten ! Water, too,	i.s an absorber and if	studied the	gruesome spectacle from	the cold ami the hard work and	the
tics. And don’t Iflave your address	yhvy began	to go to school in that	drops	with three tabicspoonfula of j left, standing	uncovered a long time :a l,urol.V ^ but hie standpoint. Jn	hunger that must at some time	fall
hero. You are to ** neither u JNtto brown schoolliouse back there, olive oil; clean the shoes well as is entirely unfit for drinking or cook-Itelling ubout thu •pwtacle Dr. Nor- to the lot of the dog, although daily paper nor a business letter for (hey were a lively couple then, soiled places will make a bad spot; ling purposes.	ton *ttid	|may be owned by the best and kind-
a month at least.” Ho Malcolm ready for all kinds of fun and frolic, then rub In the mixture with ai	--	H w»s on a Sunday afternoon in est of masters.
had arranged his business for an ab- And learn—how these .youngsters did flannel cloth. Two coats will be!	THE TOP OF THE PIANO	,u8t November that the wholesale Often 1 pitied the poor "outside’*
seme of several weeks, bought a tic- l^arn! They were always at the sufficient.	,	execution took place, i was stand-	dog, travelling along awkwardly
ket to a small village some 60 miles head of their classes, even though if soap is bought in large quanti-	,	11 Mf ,ns to f,c	Die custom to ar-	ing outside a pottery where	the	with head down, as if ashamed o|
out, mill slipped quietly from the their father kept them out of school ties, $.'f or $4 worth at a time, it n,ngo tl niiscelhmeous collection of official execution ground is situated, the drudgery of dragging loads, and city, saying	nothing to his friends,	much	of the time to work. Even in	I will last much longer than if used ! *	Vi0®1 • 18 hric-a-brac on top	when there were loud shôuts and	a	contrasted
He felt even ludicrous as he won-	those	days hc was the	same crabbed	when fresh. I .a y it awav	unwrap-'0,	tleJ,!nno' maki»g % sort of dis-	crowd of Chinese came running	up.	Jauntines#	ami
dared what he would do with himself old fellow. The children hardly pod on a paper on shelves and let it V. a>v .	, °* the noble instrument. The thirty-six condemned men fol- of the thick-imircd
buried in the country for a whole dared speak when he was around, dry thoroughly; do not pack too |. ')ou,‘ln t think of putting fancy lowed in litters carried Iry coolies, pointed eared, sharp-muzzled, wolf-month, with no news of the world, j end his dear little wife seemed as closely, ns the air should circulate;,	,s . 0,1 t(>1>	of 1,10 Ktovo lt it	The men's elbows were drawn	back	eyed fellow who trotted along with
"Well, I’ve simply got to have my j meek ns could he. He was a hard, about the bars. By purchasing a	,	1,no ^ro-nnt unless it was entire-	and pinioned; their hands	ware	his head erect, neither knowing nor
strength back,” he mused, "and if grasping old fellow, and n perfect new supply before the old soup is 1< isguised, for	a stove is x stove,	bound together
this is the place to pay for it, all tyrant. '	consumed considerable money can be I .	Y"0’ we <hm 1 bui,<l ,irf S 1b a werc on their logs
right, I’ll pay it, and call it cheap.” | “As long a* the children were saved.	w but We mPAn. to I)ut ,ife into turned over
The train	drew up at the dingy	small	they didn’t seem	to mind it	Flimsy silk thnt ha# gone	into a J1	'v , 1°uching it, and we want	spilled out on the ground
little depet	of his village destina- !	*o much, and we were	ali happy to-	multitude of wrinkles	may bel °	, frec1° °PCn thc toP whenever	came in tho first 1mtch, and these I	shirk Ins labor, yet he knows
tioip The half score of idlers loaf-	ffether. Hut when Sarah was about	smoothed out and restored to some-	wo foel llkc jt‘	. "hv not keeP D	were forced to kneel in thc	street	to economize his strength. Perhaps
ing about eyed him curiously as he	1# and George 17, I began to notice	| thing like its original freshness by Must A mufli.cnl	instrument and not	and wait nearly ten minutes for the	in a	team of dogs half may be outstepped onto 'the platform. "It	a change. We were having jolly	sponging it with gum arable water. | jmt anything	on it? ilic simple,	arrival of tno others. Piracy	and	side,	the rest "inside” dogs ; at a
hasn't often been my lot to be a	times that winter with surprise par-	Sponge the right side of the milk and	mrc surface will	grow restful to the	murder were the crimes for	which	stop	the civilized dog stands, wuit-
lwrsonage of #o much importance,” ties, skating and all kinds of fro- when it is almost dry iron the right	8,1(1 Wl11. suggest sweet Music’s the majority of the men were to m. ing ; the native drops upon the
he though with u half-amused smile. He#. George and Ha rah were gen- side.	*	winne.—Musician.	killed.	snow and curls up for a sleep. This
He walked across to the one main era 1 favorites and were always in-1 To remove stains from the hands •	-------+_______ When the others arrived they too is the key-note to the essential dif-
street that struggled along oniy a vited, but they never went They |rub them with raw potato and then	rARV nv TTJV _____	were made to kneel, the parly being | ferences het we.ii the civilized and
few rods distant. It consist*! of a were having to work hard, and were!wash them with soap and water.	* v*e	arranged in a long line, two and the native dog—the one depends ms
postofllce, a store that kept all lines | not in wchool more than a quarter Another good method is to moisten mflv_ m, ,	. , .	_	three abreast. A tug whs attached his master, thu other takes cure of
of goods impartially, a tavern and of the time, but they kept up with j dry starch with glycerine, two parts y ^ Be a . t ^	(	;< Yjto each man's pigtail and n similar | hiinsclf
a dozen dwelling house».	j theiKclasses.	of starch to one of glycerine, and	e iate(
Hc looked around undecidedly and j "Sarah and I had always been rub through tho fingers. Home I Those who suffer habituelly from then walked over to a young man .good friends, and one day I urged'stains ijre of such a nature as to re- tired and aching feet may be glad to who was untying his farm team in | her to go to a surprise party that quire frequent applications of this know that there arc many ways in
was to be given that night. She remedy.	, which this condition of things may
would just say 'no' without giving j Upon the proper care of the sink be alleviated. Reference is not now Malcolm noticed that I any reason, so I kept urging, the healthfulness of the kitchen do- made to the mote serious troubles
though I could see that her lips were pends largely. It is possible to keep I such as flat feet, or to corns or pressing together in a stroightcr line the sink fresh and clean by using J bunions. It is perfectly obvious why
all the time. At lout she suddenly j copperas and	water or by using	am-j these pests should cause pain and	The men showed no signs of being
turned to me with her eyes	flashing monia. One	pound of copperas	ditr	trouble, and whenever they occur	under the influence of opium and
and	held	out her	arm,	turning	it	so	j solved in a gallon of boiling water	j they should at once receive pro fee- were apparently	unconcerned._
that	I	could	see	the	elbow	of	her!makes a correct solution, and one	sional treatment. These words are! A high official, with n red unidress sleeve. The dress was	an old , cupful of this	to a cupful of hot	wa-	for those people who say, "There is	brella, came out to see that justice
brown one. dingy and ugly.	The el- j ter makes a	good daily wash	for	nothing the matter with my feet; I	wa# done, ami a guard of fifteen sol-
at	bows	were	liberally	darned	in	three j the siqk. Strong ammonia cleanses	have not a corn, end yet l am in	diet s lined up to prevent any	at-
"I	or	four	places.	‘How	do	you	like} the pipe well if it is used undiluted,	agony if 1 try to use my feet much.”	tempt at a rescue. Many of	the
Feathers can be cleaned by placing This condition of things may be condemned men exchanged farewells one at a time, coiled, into a half-	brought about in several ways. It	with friends in thc crowd of	on-
gallon glass jar. Four in a quart of	may be caused by a gouty condition	lookers, but there were no signs of
gasoline, screw on the top and	of the system, and in such a case all	grief or collapse on the part of	any
shake gently back and forth about	| wine or beer drinking should bo	] one
a dozen times. Take out the feath-	stopped; the diet should be simple'
er, shake well and put in an airy	and even frugal for a time, and sev- j entire thirty-six	decapitations
place to dispel the smell of gaso-|erai doses of bicarbonate of sodium headsmen were armed with line. If not clean enough after the j may be taken—as much as an after- two-handled swords. They did their first bath give it a second. This dinner coffee spoonful in water.	work cleanly and rapidly, and in all
Well, Mr. Claire, "That was during my last year at process will not take thc curl out of j Sometimes aching feet mean that but three cases the heads fell at n I’ll drive over to	the de-	the district school. I went nway to	ft feather. leathers	can be curled	the weight of the body is too much	«ingle stroke. There was no pause
My	name’#	study the next, year and did not	by drawing each strand across the	for a naturally slender foot and	j on the part	of the executioner#, and
he added a# an af- see much of the Winters for a cou- back of a knife.	ankle; and then a shoe should be , etich seemed to be anxious to outdo
pie of years.	Plaster statues can be cleaned by j chosen with a view to the more com- the other by performing the greater
During my vacation that summer I	making no ordinary	cooked starch,	plete support of these members. It	number of	decapitations. Before
grounds	with some curiosity	when,	was one day wandering through that	** if for the laundry,	oniy not quite	need not be said that rubbers should	each stroke	the headsman rose on
after «	five-mile drive, George turn-	bit of wood back of their house,	M0 stiff. While it is	still hot cover	never be worn a moment longer than	his toes and	delivered thc blow with
a when I ran across Sarah sitting be- the whole of thc cost with it, net . js nwcasary, and never in the house, 8Ü hi# force. His assistants fol-fhe house,	side thc little brook there, listening,	a*ide for a	day	and then pee! off	| a8 they check	ventilation. An ach-	lowed him and when the bodies	did
was	with'joy	to ft bird singing.	the starch. If,	however, the statue	jng foot	is	often n foot simply	not fall they pushed them ovei
This is a beautiful little spot, is t>vdly soiled, it may need a see- panting for breath. For the same Theiv executioners began their a [isn’t it?’ I said to her.	und application of the starch.	i reason patent-leather shoes may work at the front of the line, and j lliLVe K(.cn q()gS	set.metj to
" ‘I should die if it wasn’t for H a thin coat _of white paint is cause much distress. House shoes those behind saw their companions ^n()W t|lat ^.Reir companion de-this,' she	exclaimed vehemently.	applied to	the	outside of a screen	should be	easy	and weli ventilated,	accept thc fate that was to be their#	SCVVed	punishment.	Mv	cabin stood
"J was	surprised, for I had never	door or window it wi. effectively	and it is	well,	if possible, to adopt	in a few moments. There was	i o	at	tl)e	,.(lge	o{	Bonanza	Creek	and
scrupulously neat, the furniture was I heard her speak so strongly. But obscure the view from outdoors. 1 he the sandal for house wear.	flinching, however, and not a man lllc lrnjj ptisae(j a fcw jfroji» my
plain, even unattractive. A young	for	the	once she talked on quite	Paint is	scarcely perceptible even on	Jf a foot	js	ach|ng or smarting	fainted or showed any symptoms of	door	Where it dropped from tho	,
woman, of somewhat angular form,-	freely.	She asked me Innumerable	the outside and from within cannot	f)a<j|y after	much walking or stand-	being about to do so.	Jevcl	lo thf, fJozen 4v(j t>/ the creek‘j
was hastily arranging a large dish j questions about school. After a lit- be seen at nil.	ing, great relief may bo obtained by A remarkable feature of the oc- (here was a short, steep rise that •
of wild flowers on a high wooden j tie silence, when she seemed to be 1	plunging it for a few minutes in hot casion was the dcmcapor of the ()fteil gilXC trouble to teams return- I
stool, which stood between the win- considering my answers, she re-	TEST RECIPES.	water in which lias been dissolved a spectators. As the sword fell on jng wjth a heavy load. A sled came j
dow# AO George/’ she exclaimed, marked. ‘We are going to school next ....	,	„ .	, r, .	(handful of salt. Then, with the feet the first victim there was a wild out- aiong witli a driver at the pole and '
as her brother came to, T thought year, George and 1/	Mothers Raised take, iwo cups eUU immer9edv let the water be burst of cheering, mid this was re- two dog«	t
•I should have these all fixed before I “You are! ” 1 exclaimed, thinking J'181116, lWo. eggs,1 Wt.> . .Vgradually cooled until it is quite pouted after each stroke. I asked a They stopped on the hillock, you got back from town, but the of the miserly old man.	teaspoon soda	uissmvva	m	nan	pin	^hl. This treatment is also great-	Chinese thc reason for this	demon-1 urging	could	inuko them go	up.	Tho
sweeping took a little longer than “	Yes,’ she said with	a	determined	teiu up boiling	a ,	P	ly helped by a little massage by thc	strut Ion, and he said that it	was	ieadrr	was willing as could	be.	but
usual, -and you have gotten ahead of j expression, we are! I’ve got to live/	but, 1 im. . ' a . "	hand under the water.	to make thc doomed men brave. on the slope the hinder dog shirked !
nit! Aren’t these wild flowers beau-	she	went on. her cheeks flushed and	9,ovos;	two tablespoons cinnamon,	Rebellious	feet,	especially if their	As each head was severed	u stream	every	time. At length the leader
ties? They arc the very first ones, ;	her	eves	growing intense. "Do you	n°u! lt>	Ina 0 za m a . ’ p , '	owner desires to	use them for much	of blood spouted from two	to three|turned, and jumping upon the hinder
you know.”	know) I have never read but ' three ra,8ine; oao.Cuy c . 1. Î. .	™ walking, are greatly benefited by the feet in the air, and by the time the dog. put him down on the snow and
A slender white-haired woman sat books beside school book# in all my 10 K'cascd P81*- L	. 1 use of the rubber heel on the walk' last man had been beheaded the for tt while the oir was filled with
mending an almost hopeless-looking j life,	and I’ve never had	a	dress that	hour or more.	nen	J	0	11	u	)	ing shoe, a device which relievos not	bodies lay in a lake of red.	angry	snarls	and the yells of	the
pair of socks. Malcolm knew by the ' wa*	fit to be seen, and	it’s Jt»t tlie	oven for one tour.	only the feet but thc whole system. | Dr. Norton’s observations	on	the	under	do#	Presently the driver
light in her eyes that she was thc same with Georgs, We can’t ever ( urn 1 opovers. u <• o n	Finally, one should always bo care- : result# of decapitation have created took the hinder dog out, and the
mother, and he almost forgot that do anything or be anybody if we . medium 81 e Ja	f 0	: ful to wipe the feet very dry after u sensation in the medical world. A*| leader alone hauled the load
he must talk business with lier. ! stay here. Next year George will be	q,-. f ' !lho balh» und lo inHUre this A du8t" each head ieM lhc doc1tor waUhcd
Term# were agreed upon, however, j2l u„d 1 will be 19, and we are go-	muk i i cun^ flour , 'in» Powder will be found a useful closely, and was strongly impressed
and Malcolm was soon invited Into j iDg to leave home and work our way pl7* one cup miu. 1 è cupenoui ,R adjunct-Youth’s Companion.	with the idea that death was not
Sttr' wo’^s^W nights! ^ ^p.,t'lu%o wlll%^n	^------ Z'^Zdiately afterthe
man. was seated in a chair by the all the Imoks we could get, and we lg ^1lt " ' in h.!! c.-m Dan# CHINESE ARMY ROLLS.	accompanying a syncope He fixes
¦! ili
conversation met .kindly icsponse.it jo years ago, and lie has b<s?n help- jugt as it comcs from, tho oven.	traordinary way of enumerating
seemed understood tint it was better |eFs ever since. Hut through all the tomato Mince Meat-Eight quarts their troops. They are not content!
not to talk nwlv ^ imi near the old {years he has tried to mle the whole	groei| tomatoes add one lemon. Chop	with	counting the soldiers only, but	the lips would move	as	if in an at
He was plea od, on the whole,[family ns despotically as before.	both fine	and add four pounds brown	reckon in also their horses, rifles,	tempt to speak, and	then the isce
J Raw Sarah soon after 1 roach- |	Cook thi'eo hours. Then add shoes, breeches, and so forth, so would turn pale, and a faint, Which
But.	he soon became	od -Homo	that wimmer,	and	7 d	j two	pounds raisins, one teaspoon	that the resultant	total is n	long	speedily gave way to death,	would
table	something	to her about school,	but	^h	kind of spice and salt, one cup	way above	what	it ought to be.	follow Many of the faces	showed
manners were distressingly pnini-,#he shook her head, ‘No. she said,	vinegaVe	Cook altogether 30 min-	Thev	apparently go on the suppos-	j look# of intelligence	at	the instant
tire, ami he wa n t sorry when the smiling tenderly, ‘we have given that	utes	itioii	that the rifle is at least as	the head fell, but this,	of course,
me8j WHS f*nlsbftd;	j up,—father needs us, and mo Hier Creamed Cucumbers.—-Parc and cut valuable as the man, and by an un- WftS only for a second.	jmidity was bud for me, and
“what a crusty, crabbed curimul- needs us/ -	lengthwise into quarters six large a logons train of reasoning they ar- ,n a number of cases a decided that woman sits	and	cries,	just
geou that old clmp 1», he thought. Ever since then, for these _d CUciinibers. Soak in hot water half guc that a man is of little use if he MTort to	«wallow was shown, and make it moist in	the	room	!”
«s he wandered al»out by himself years, they have worked on Just as hour, drain, cover with salted boil- has to travel on foot, that he can- ' repeated	several times. In some'
that afternoon. I suppose .10 you see them now. except that they j water and simmer 20 minutes, not go about naked, and so on. instances	there whs a pronounced! Miss Golily—"I	can	never
years from	now	George	will	have	have been growing, all	the while	Meanwhile prepare several slices of	Hence they	count	thc whole	kit,	effort to speak, judging from	thc ex-	man	who works for
developed	or degenerated	into	just	along with	the flowers "	thin	buttered toast, and arrange on	rifle, breeches	and	all. By	this	pressions and movements	of the j	jyAuber— But	I
such another one, and Marsh will bo | Malcolm returned to the city the a Sealed platter. In another sauce- process of arithmetic they fancy (l*P# This was not a convulsive ! est bent and worn. Shu doesn t show .following week with renewed health pan blend together 0110 tablespoon they deceive the Russians into f	~ *
mmh signs of i* yet. though. But and plunged into work again >n the flour, one tablespoon butter, half liev'ng their garrisons much strong- expressive one
deliver mt from such a life! Dr. years that followed, his thoughts teaspoon salt and a little cayenne er than they are.	! in the act of speaking when thc blowihaxing ever since
West a 11 need 11 t worry. There’s no would sometimes turn to the quiet pepper. Mix over the fire, adding	----- fell. In other cases there was a ' profession)—' You wrong me
danger of mv brain getting overcx-	farm douse and the lives of the good	half cup milk, and half cup water off	"No,” said the gentleman in thc	natural movement	of	thc	eyes,	us	if	Goldy	;	you	wrong	me
cited here, unless it is trying to keep	friends hc met there, who	all unseen	the cooking cucumbers. Stir until	brown wig, ”1 ain’t much dT a bass	looking, und api	opening and	closing	a	picture	in	my	life.”
track of the «lay of the week. 1 m	of the great busy world	were fight-	the sauce Is thick, then simmer five	singer, but you ought to hear my	of the lids ^
not sure I can accomplish that. The	ing life’s battle with	a courage	minute# longer, and put In one ta- ;	brother.” "Hus he a big voice ?”	’ Tt^
day of /h# month I won t attempt. ,which found its solo reward In the Mespoon vinegar and one tablespoon asked the gentleman with tho pea- mOTtflJ wen with last years almanac to consciousness of unswerving fidelity butter. Drain the boiled cucumbers, green whiskers. "Big ? His voice is ^ f , help me out.	; to a plain duty, albeit the cross in- put them on the toast, and pour the go heavy a bass that it makes ufctVCbj# à
The days passed on. the weather ; volved seemed more than they could, white sauce over all.	bow-legged to carry It.”
warn pleasant, and Malcolm spent	¦	¦	¦¦ ¦	j ¦
moat of thc time by the aide of a rippling brook, idly dreaming, but steadily growing stronger and stronger
Although at -the house dfiring
per
wit
WORK DOGS OF THE NORTH
ho
tico a 'rose before thought, somewhat grimly, "there’s nothing to prevent my giving my undivided attention to rose# this
tho
seen
Great Value of There Animals in That Cold Country.
of
of
to
lie
his bearing with the ' sturdy self-reliance broad-chest od„
und heavy irons wanting anything better than just The litters were the life he was leading, and their occupants Capable of working for days with*
Seven j out a mouthful of foa<f. he may not
hoie
The busy time of the northern dog* is from snow-fall to spring
tag was fastened to the blouse This was for the purpose of idcntifl
cation and to Insure the burying of I then c\ery dog must work, since he each head with the body to which «au easily draw more than a ma» it belonged. A stick stuck out of I would find it convenient to haul On the collar of each man's blouse and a trial where men must break the
way on snow shoes, one hundred to one hundred and fifty pounds per dog is the rule Good tennis often make sixty miles a day for ten successive days, as between Dawson and Nkng-way. The ordinary gait of a dog not over-loaded compels the driver to follow at a. pace between a walk and a trot.
Under provocation the dog-driver’s tongue goes faster than this the dog.does not mind, and on the whole he is not abused. The driver, rough us lie may appear, docs not club him animals, and seldom uses a whip. Hc shakes the refractory dog "by the scruff of the neck pounds him hairy sides with a hig mittened fist ; but these things do not hurt much.
The wisest drivers pat the dog, talk to him, try to explain. If, after repeated., endeax ors, the dog "knows" but continues to sulk, tho driver administers chastisement— one, too. that he will remember. I have talked much with professional freighters about this. They baste’ a sulky dog only when they have to, and they assured me that there was no surer or quicker way to spoil a dog for driving than to yell, threaten or whip him when he is only confused.
oncf
front of the store, and spoke to him The young man looked up and nod ded silently he was tall and well built, though his shoulders were a trifle stooped, and that he had a kind, intelligent face.
to this wns attached a paper taming an account of the
con
CRIMINAL AM) HIS CHIMP
"Do you know any quiet place in the country where 1 could get board for u few weeks?” Malcolm inquired.
The serious gray eyes seemed to deliberate as they looked up him. At last he said slowly: don't know but we could keep you. You cun ride out with me and see. if you want to.”
"1 would be glad if you could.” returned Malcolm, handing him a bum new card. "The fact is, I’m a hit under the weather, and the doctor has ordered a few weeks of quiet.”
The young man looked at the card Jump is
pot for your things George Winters tori bought
lialcohn looked at tho house and
but
it?’ she asked
and HHJUPPPmd
shoes.’ she went on, putting out her foot that was encased in a dilapidated old shoe had better go?’ I shall never forget the look she gave me. I stammered, and she turned on her heel and walked away, her head even higher than usual.
"It’s tho best dress these are my party
Do you think I
or
fwo	executioners performed the
The heavy
¦l
cd into a driveway leading to large, unpointed barn standing at a little distance also unpainted he noticed, and consisted aim ply of an upright and lean-to
tree or shrub near it.
The room they entered was un
There was not a single
No
'
i
i
up
THE CHRONIC GRUMBLER
I To the large number of stories of "meanest man” which arc fre-I quently related one should be added of a certain Frenchman, famous for hi# habit of grumbling at every, thing and on every occasion.
Hc was attacked by inflammatory rheumatism, and was carefully nur#-ed by his wife, who woe very devoted to him in spite of Mis faultfinding disposition. His suffering caused her to burst into tears sometimes as she sat at his bedside.
One day a friend of the invalid’» came in and asked him how he was gel t ing mi
"Badly, badly f” h#
"and it's all my wife's fault.”
"Is it possible ?” asked the friend

WHAT HAD HIT HIM
roan
that hf was not expected to he en-tert Mining
conscious that the old man’s
exclaimed
in surprise.
‘Yes. The doctor told me that bother®
to
marry a
a living.” am an artist, deav-Mise Goldy— V. e; but , sell be- : movement, but a most deliberate and : your pictures.” IV Auber (with a ng- expressive one. The men were not | vision of the hard time he has been
he entered

the
I never sold
no convulsive roove-py.of the bodies or legs, pin showed signs of life.
Stion of the facial ex- when the world is coming to an end j* «d me with the idea and she doesn't she face of a person in ‘ she said she didn’t know fthe eyes, eyelid», lips, who told you ?" "Uncle John, fherul expression - were said the world would come to person who was about end when children stopped asking deep faint/’	, question# that nobody could
lUtion conducted b# the swer.’’
Little Dot— ‘ I know something niy teacher doesn't know.’
"Indeed ! \lh«t is that ?
Mamma— I know
I asked lier, ‘ und
bear
It is calculated that the	4^^ ^4
the world provid* man	a* A
ixr tSts	*
nage, one teaspoonful nulUoa sheep,	J> 'Tj?	f y #
f6	y:
Ho
WITH NUTS
Thc Sister—"I have become engaged to Fred.” The Brother— "Whatever induced you to do that?” The Si » ter— Why, Fred, of courge I”
an
Nutolene.—One cup raw peanuts ground. one cup granola, one-hall teaspoonful

*5

z5S$





kl
ft
F


U
V
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)

-y W





- ¦ :




OUR
MOTTO IS
Stylish Suits
—¦FOR—
Stylish People.

E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
$
ITp to date we have succeeded in smashing all previous records in Shoe selling, but still we are not satisfied.
Best
Possible
Values For your Money.
/$&

#
$
That's the kind wo want—don’t know how to make any other. We’re Experts you know—it’s our Business.
We guarantee to please you— don’t want your money if your’e not thoroughly satisfied.
Here’s another ono of these good things that always seems to find their way to this store—
FURS
#
----OIL TAN MOCCASINS-----
Warranted all hand-made. Will not rip, freeze or soil your socks.
Ladies’ Astrachan Jackets.
Astrachan Capes. Coon Jackets.' Caperines.
Caps.
Coon Coats. Wallaby Coats. Caps.
<<
BRING YOUR HANDS TO US.
Our reputation, which was earned by making honest work for past twelve years. Is a guarantee that the goods which come from our establishment will be found to be in every way equal to City made at half the price.
<<

We have one of the finest assortment of Gloves and Mitts ever shown in Shaw ville—all bought direct from the manufactures.
U

A. R. McGUIRE,
<<
The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, • Shawville.
*
Mens’
The Tailor.
<<
THE FAVORITE KEEP WARM.

a
<*
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
BUY WINTER WOOLLENS
We invite special attention to our FURS, and feel sure that in style, quality and price, they will compare favorably with any in the trade.

A UIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Dress Goods
AT


<
¦WAINMAN’S.
Heavy Dress Fabrics are in great demand. Our stock represents everything that is new in wear or color. Camel's Hair and Zeboline predominate. Prices range from 25c. to $1 50per yard.

Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters. Woollen Underwear
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
Goat Robes, Oil Tan Moccasins, Winter Mitts now in stock at
Gent’s Underwear in pure wool and fleeced lined, Ladies’, Misses’, and Child’s Vests, Drawers or Combinations, in all the standard makes—Best washing goods made.
of which we have a variety in stock.
A full line of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc. Woollen Hosiery
Lamb’s Wool, Scotch Worsted and Cashmere. Prices range from 20c. to fiOc. per pair.
E. HODCINS & SON.
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
Woollen Cloves
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Scotch Knit, Riugwood and Cashmere, Fleece-lined, in white, black or colored.
any pref'oui underatanding with your colleague*, you began an active campaign in favor of an immediate levitiun of the tariff in the direction of high protection.
I regret having be n obliged to observe
Mr. Tarte has Resigned
THE NEW GROCERY
A Pointer
Hon. J. Israel Tarte is no logger a member of the cabine*. His resignation	.1
was sent in last Monday and was accep'e 1 to you that this attitude on your part by the premier. This is Mr. Tarte d let- constituted a self evident violation of 1er of resignation :	y ur duty towards the government, of
Toronto, Oct. 20. which foo wtre a member.
The Right Hon. Sir Wilfiii Laurier, I 1 lepeat to you here what I told you on Prime Minister, Ottawa :	i Sunday. 1 do not wish to discuss at this
My dear Sir Wilfrid—1 feel it is my . moment the economic thciry of which duty to place my resignation in your, J013 have mad) yourself the champion, hands, and to ask you t » be goud enough 1 This question, however important it to have it accepted by Ilis Excellency the | might be, is subordinate to one still more Governor General.	i important.
In the interview which I had with you, | H jou ha I reached the conclusion that Converting Iron into Steel. British ports. The members of Parlia
you expressed the opinion that I should i the ink net of the country demanded	---- ment	present	promised	to use ever effort
not have spoken on the tariff as 1 have without delay an increase of the customs At the Baldwin Iron Works, Ottawa, to further the	lifting of the	objectionable
done, that the government had not as yet | duties, the drat	thing for you to do as a	says last Friday’s Journal, there is in embargo, and a	resolution was	uuani-
come to any dstinite understanding on its j member of the	government, before ad	progress experiments with an invention moualv passed	to ask Parliament	to
fiscal policy for the future, etc. I shall * dressing your views to the country, would	which promis a to revolutionize the	iron	amend the act of 1896,	and	it ie expected
not discuss with you at the present time | have been to place them before your	col-	and steel trade.	that next session a bill	will	be introduced
the question as to whether 1 was right or	with the object of obtaining that It is the discovery of Dr. Hunter, of into the House of Commons asking that
wrong in the course I have followed. unanimous action of the cabinet which is i Philadelphia, and he, in company with Canadian store cattle be allowed to enter You are the leader of the government, I the very foundation of responsible | Mr. Geo. R >e, Aid. Askwith and others, British ports, and your opinion, as far aa my attitude ie I government.	j	are at present making tes §. Vider this ' Eyery speaker urged that Canada be
involved, muet prevail.	H you hid not been able toobtam from new process omet iron is hardened, and in treated as a part of the Empire and not
Yon told me that my utterances are Tour colleagues their assent to the	new	fact transformed into steel, which when |	as a foreign nation,
causing you trouble. 1 have no right cource which you recommended	you	tempered can be used for the fume	pur-	Mr. J. G. Colby represented the Cans-
and no desire to be a e>rt of embarras- would have been obliged to choose either poses as ordinary cast § eel.	j dian High Commissioner, Lord Strath»
ment to you or to the party with which to accept their	views or to sever your One test has already been made, and Lons, who is confined to his room	with	a
I have been connec'ed since 1892.	connection with	them; and then for the	yesterday The Journal was shown bite and j sprained ankle.
My views on the tariff are well known | G rat time you woo’d have been free to chisels made from iron which hid passed to you. I have on several occasions a tat- P*ece y°ur views before the public.	under this process, and which were equal
ed them publicly In your presence, and Such was the very simple course which to those ordinarily made from cast steel. | Was Blind for Nineteen discussed them of en privately with you. was binding upon^you, but t> remain a	The process is of cmree a secret. The
~	member of the government and at the	iron ie taken and put under a treatment,
same time to advocate a policy which	placed in a furnace and heated to a high
had not yet been adopted by the govern-	degree and allowed to cool. When It UI Montreal,	Oct.	24.—A	marvellous	care
ment was an inpediment to the proper	coo1 el it can be worked under the bUck- has	iust	been	effected	in	this	district,
working of our constitutional #y,tem, and | smith's hammer.	| Joaebh Brunst,
implies a disregard for that loyalty which
all those who are members of the same I the work is commenced on a large scale, adminstrari m owe to each other and have | but thrss interested in the process now a right to expect from each other.
I thank you for the good wishes, which you express for the improvement
of my health, and I will make it iny duty I To Lift Embargo from Our Cattle.
to convey to your colleagues those that	----
you express also for their welfare and | ? strong movement for the removal happiness.
Beliewe me, yours very s'ncerely,
W. LAURIER.
—AND—
P. S.—Compare our Clothing with others. You will find it
in every case 20 per cent, lower.
1
MEAT SHOP.
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
(Corner Main and Plokanock 8ta.)
T. W. WILSON & CO.
Having secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people van reiy on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to oome and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call eollelted.
H. A. H0DCIN8.
The Printer
Deer and W|oose.
to show people what you are doing.
JyAKTZ—rszL-.
W amen in protecting the deer and moose during close season.
' Many avs more couM
years.
VALLBYFJKLD DOCTOR PERFORMS A CURE, j W E PRINT
humanely doing eo now, but and should do It out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that Is necessary ie to drop a line saying when and where the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, and by whom, and If by more than one person, give the names or all.
It is better but not necessary, that you should give your name, unless you wish to be paid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Address, »
N. McCUAIG,
Provincial Game Warden.
P. S.— Article 1403a of the Game Laws, important to whom it may follows	|
“ No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course in any place Inhabited by deer, between the first day of November of one year and the twentieth of October of the following y ally of a fine of at least $
- ceeding $25.00.
f I U TT ^ATTTtrv Any ?.ne may» without Incurring an JL nL JCi xj U IT X# j responsibility, kill any such dog found
running at large, hunting or coursing in such locality between the above mentioned dates.—! Ed.
Entertaining the opinion that the Interests of the Canadian people make it our du*y to revise, without delay, the tariff of 1897, with the view of giving a more adequate protection to our industries, to our farming community, to onr workingmen, I cannot possibly remain silent.
I prefer my freedom of action and of speech, under the circumstance?, even to the great honor of being your colleague.
Before severing my official relations with yon, allow me to expieae my sincere hope that you will son be restored to your health of former days.
You would greatly oblige me by conveying to nry colleagues my beat wishes for their welfare and their happiness. My personal relation# with meet of them have been of a p’eisant and ordial nature. I hope they will continue to be the
future.
formerly cf this city, bat
Saver il more tests will be made before now residing at Valleyfield, undergoing
treatment in an hospital years ago, suddenly stricken with blindness. The beat oculists in Canada and the Eastern United States were consulted but could offer Mr. Brunet no hope and he was condemned to darkness for the seat of hie days. Later Mr. Brunet, who had been living on charity, heard that his brother, who had been blind for five years had been cured bp Dr. Graopre, of Valleyfield. He made his way to that place, but, owing to his longstanding blindness,
Dr. Grsnpre thought it useless to treat him. Brunet, however, persisted, and the physician finally consented to take him as a patient. In one month he was able to read a newspaper and to day he is able to thread a fine needle. It appears high prices in beef and mutton. Mr. that the blindness of both men warn due Hanbury, in hie reply, spoke opérais- to some cheat affection, which the doctor ticallyofthe idei. He said be believed has succeeded in removing. Brunet says
' 'he not distant future	Argentine	people, animals, trees and everything is I Ta nil iasUasw U
''slant	provider of live	different from the impression he retained ¦ U dll W110 IN II	maY
fain, owing to the in the nineteen years of blindness.	m	I Province of Quebec
he Canadian and Biucet ie a middle-sged, thick set man,	uOnCBrtle	Municipality of Shaw ville.
and when seen by the Citizen com a pond-	__	Public Notice Is hereby given by the us
-, »-¦ mpiaws ssaasaaes
*on •	rears of taxes, and who will not have paid year ; that the same ie deposited In the
‘isl par-	The co’onial secretary has sent out j 8U®h taxes up in full, together with school	office	of	the	undesigned.	All	parties
tereete	notice to Canada that the special war f£ll5un ’ #**5? tAXet for 1Wttl	the	whose	name»	appear therein aa liable tor
hste resigned eominiwieo* or b«M ,-,-mSîrLby.^l,er cf Given nt SbewrUl# Uia lit* deyolSkpt-Khnr«,d sine. Sept. 30lb. 1608, »r, C-0*nc11 tW* *h d*y °'^uk,r^	] ember, H*A
tied to the gistnily.	1	81 *• LGGA«,
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, 4c. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
was
think that success is assured.
concern, reads
OF RESTRICTION.
London. October 23.— Right Hon. Robert William Han bury, president of the Board of Agriculture, received today an influential deputation of meat traders, who urged the reopening of British porte to live s ock from the Argentine Republic. The deputation claimed that this would have the effect of reducing the present
Chinese Crime.
car, under pen 5.00 and not ex
DETAILS OF THE MURDER OF TWO ENGLISH
MISSIONARIES.
London, Oct. 24. —The Chinese Inland *'*^n has received a report of the rour-
' ieh missionaries, Bruce *4 Chen Chou
- Rir Wilfrid, very
we*
VII. C. 12, ». 4.
Public Notice.
X
...
%

L A
Vs*

Ik
W. W. IRELAND,
\
X v




-
ir V
