###PAGE###1###

*

SUBSCRIPTION Ob# Dollar a Year In advance.
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY, JAN. 7
1897.
!
Vol XIV, No. 27.
A full line of Munyon'e Cures for sale at the Shaw ville Drug Store.
Laundry soap at your own offer—six bars for a quarter—at McGuire's Grocery.
Remember the entertainment to be g«v on by the Ladies' Aid, at Fort Coulonge, Friday evening, 8 h inst.
The ice on the Ottawa River between Bristol and Sand Point was repotted to be in excellent condition last week.
Highest price paid for Pork, Hides,
<». F. Hoik.ins’.
Mr. W. Mulligan, of North Bay spent his Xmas holidays at his home in (juyon.
Wanted—A car load of oats for which the highest cash price will he paid.
11. UoBliH.
£ocal and (General.
BANK OF OTTAWA
First Clearing Sale
Grain etc., at
¦tad Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000.00 Rost................$1,000 000.00
Munyoii’s C ures at Rhawvllle Drug HU^a.
Bargain seekers will attend O. F. Hod-gins big Clearing Bale during January.
People are amazed to see the tea that McGuire ia offering for 20 cents.
Mr. Samuel Bingham was elected mayor of Ottawa on Monday, defeating Mossra. Orannell and Cluff.
Board of Directors :
Chaules Magee, Esq., President.
G80rob Hay, eh<j. ,Vice- President.
John Maiiiku, Eny. David Mai Lakes, Mwy.
on
Mr. VV. E. Vanderbilt, jr., son of the New York millionaire, has recently been
Mitt., M.xmsinn, Rubber Goode, Boot, enjoying a deer hunt on the Magni.sippi.
and Shoe, all reduced to whole.ale dur- The Rov Dr Daw, wh() waa at one
»^: : ;r
the writers are lacking. To publish such 27th and 28th mat. The sum of $225 in Irinity church,Detroit.
¦tMtesssirr »	| - —r "> ¦»-•	SUt	?...
Notes ami Dills collected.	The revival meeting here on New ^ to be in perfect shape for a track. every line of groceries reduced to whole-
Intercut allowed^vn[Deceit ,Rt^civt st current Year's eve, took the form of a watch	sale prices during January.
«naaststsar- '4=-%::—rfÉÆriS'Si1
OSe. Hour. 10». m.tosp. „,.H,tu,d.y loan, I Dandruffisdue to an enfeebled .tateof | ,£ ^îhn Sim paon, of Adma.ton, alld I Southern Railway i. again being strongly p* m*	1 the skin. Hall’s Hair Renewer quickens Miea je(Mlje jyj. De large, of Bagot, Renfrew abated by the citizens of the above nam
the nutritive functions of the skin,healing Ljouniy The 2ereiI10riy was performed ** progressive town.
Ho*. Geo. Bryson, Jk A LSI. Fit A HE n, Kstj.,
REID BROS
THE ARCADE STORE,
ARNPRIOR, ONT.
Drnnih Mvrmiv, KrQ.
•»
«EORGF.BUUN I). M. FINN1K
(If m ral Manager, (Local) Manager
A ÜKNKKA1. HANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Ion
O
This sale will mean GENUINE BARGAINS for all. No line of goods wil! L*e reserved, but a discount of at leaat 10 p, c. will be given from our already low cash prices throughout the store oft this
The construction of the Pembroke
Mammoth Stock of
and preventing the formation of dandruff. by Mr. Craig.
The Ottawa papers report a shock of BüRNT Out bvt NOT Bvknt Up.— ilav Roman Catholic churches of Quebec on eartb(|uake in that city at a quarter past jng |,Uf {,, orie ,,f the best gni riders in the Sunday 27th ulr
JAN. HOPE & Co.
VTANUFACTURING 8TATIONEH8, BOOK9KL aYX It re, Bookbinder* Prlti'«ere, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlhluSodflty, Ottawa, Out.
A pastoral letter was read in all the
Merchandise
cKniM|unao m mm vnj «•«« «•	*' • r*"' | mg put in one or me nest gamuers in me i nunu.iy 6#m un , ordering the fait hi ul
twelve on New Year’s night. Members of	I am ready to grind provender not to read L'Electeur (the French Liber
the staff of this journal remarked a dis- an(j ^ot keep you waiting long either, al paper) under pam of ex communication.
,	«Sr1;lm L7.xX;te”,Vhïï £,
The People’s Almanac, for 1897, issued all kinds of feed.	(formerly Miss Emma Macdanald of Bry
as a supplement to the Montreal Gazette,	J, LM,an, bhawville. gon j The deceased lady had been in
I is to hand. As usual it contains a volume | Mr. James Hynes, jr , (son of Mr. Jas delicate health fur a number of years of valuable	information,	and	gives	many	Hynes,	formerly of Bryson,)	with his sis	past. She leaves a	husband and	two
pointers of	a	political	character, especially	ter^ were on a visit to their	relatives in | children to mourn her	loss.
R. s.dowd,m.d.,c.ii.
Important	to	Farmers.—L.	D.	Davis,	business for some years past	in Maint.» >a,	g|X 0*c^,>c|{ >ir Fletcher Warren, of	Allu-
of Shawville,	has	been	operating	a	de-	*• the picture of health—^a gm>d evidence, l|ette jsland .had a narrow escape	from
horning machine for the past two or three we Jake it, that fortune has bestowed 1er	browned while coming over to
Ofbce A Reaidsoce in lato Dr, Aatley’s House, Quyon. | weeks with great success. All who have | smiles upon him since he took up residence | t()Wn a |uil(j 0f }U(jeB. Lie had driven safely to within a short distance of the Father Dowdall, of Egan ville, I shore at the bottom of Cecelia street,
1 many y ars as	an earnest	when the front feet of the	horse	went
I apostle	of temperance, is yet	not an ad vu.	through the ice over a	large	crack.	Mr.
Al I cate of total prohibition, for	in a letter he	Warren shouted for help which	soon
Prohibition would	be an inter-	came, but while he got off safely the	poor
Consisting of Dry Goods, Furs, Millinery, Carpets, Clothing, Gent’s Furnishings, Boots, Shoes, and Groceries,
S. J. MCNALLY, ID, Ci
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Office - Campbell’s Bay.
DURING THE MONTH OF JANUARY, 181)7.
Mary I'nea which wo must clear will bo greatly reduced.
M. D., C. M. Trinity : L. U. C. P. A 8., Kdixbvhom Lkkntiatk or Faculty or Physicians ani> Hvroeons, Glasgow.
We would net like to sell our gonds at prices we intend to sell them at during this male any oftener than we are doing— “once in five years.”
An early call will be most favorable to
_	_	All who have smiles upon him since he took up residence
had their cattle dehorned are perfectly I m the prairie province, satisfied with the result. Work done at | Rev the low price of 10 cents per head. Now | j{nown for is the time to have it done
Office hours : 8 to 12s. in. snd 7 to 9 p. in
G. G. STEWART

you
PHYSICIAN -> ANI) SURGEON,
The Gazette of last week says
monte stands an excellent chance of I	,	,	,
having a factory for the manufacture of ference with the liberties of people who horse was drowned
ItfrtlTK MCCONNELL. I the pl»nt(o<.6il.tmgof 13 mMÜine.)*ll	-	-~	brate the adventanother new year, and
A TTUKNKY AT LAW. Main at. Hull, be metalled in Reilly a Hall probably	Hymeneal.	the continued abeence oi enow contributed
i;	bs	- a.h u £ .o„yj.red	si's, %
or ralher exchange of hi» extensive tim Llace iu th« Methodist church on Wed |y >ung people gravitated.
MdmHH
quired limits.	ceremony, which was	performed	by	b	jaw	on Tuesday the	20th	in*t.	The
The Tiev. Mr. Dilworth of Bristol,	who,	ihe Rev. Wm. Craig. The bride-—very	notices	containing these corrections will
At Pontiac House, Shawvllle, on Court days	we regret to state, has been in a very poor	becomingly attired in a	him	b@	found in this issue.
—Sib February,	6th April. 1st June, 1st	Octo-	Btateof health for some time past,	went	crepon—was supported	through	the
H isstr1 srs %%%%&%% I .igrrc
ied by Yen. Archdeacon Naylor, who will similar service for the groom. After the Martin Grace, merchant of V inton, were be absent from this parish for the next ceremony, which occupied only a few min visited by sneak thieves, and robbed of XT OTAR Y PUBLIC. Clérk of the Magistrate» 11 wo Sundays. On these occasions the utes, and the first instalment of congratu- Lfcout $200 in cash which was deposited in ^1 Courtat dhawviile. Agent for the Credit Fon- gun(jay morning services will be conduct lations over, the bridal party retired from %he cash box. From what we can learn 1er Franco Canadian. Money to lend oneasyterma. | ^ ^ ^ John 8. Banks, while the ser-	the church, and were driven to Mr. Me	the thieves entered s. window in Mr.
nions at the evening services will be	Rae’n residence, the principals being sub	Grace’s house, which adjoins the store,
preached by the Rev. J L. Flanagan. ! j voted by the way, of course, to the time and from there gained admittance to the The Archdeacon will attend the meet* j honored customs wherein rice and other iatter place. The cash box was found un ing of Synod during his absence.	harmless missies are made to perform an jer the counter, where it seems Mr. Grace
m ..	xt y	active part.	. was in the habit of keeping it, and carried
Tea Meeting.—The New J ear s tea Commencing at G 30 in the evening, L,ft The manner in which the robbery meeting in connection with ht. I aul s Mr and Mre McRae gave a reception, j waa perpetrated seems to indicate that WILLIAM	ELLIOIT	(Church in Hodgins Hall on	r rulay	^ which a large number of the villagers	whoever did	it had a	pretty good	know-
l-XAILIFF OF	THE	SUPERIOR COURT evening last was one of the most	successand many others were present on invita	hedge of the	internal	arrangement	of the
15 Hbawvllle. que., respectfully solicits ful events of the kind that has taken I	After paying their respects to the house and store, but no clue to their
îsffaraKTïSs
--------------  —------ however, ha\o been seen on fount,r occa a variety of amusing games, which were tramps, were seen on the railway track
9 "ions of the kind, the discrepancy in partjcjpatft(j jn with much vim and ardor, | within the environs of Shawville a day or this respect being due no doubt to the until about 10 o’clock, when an intermis after the Vinton robbery I state of the roads. A very choice niusi-	gjQn occurred to permit of the serving of	generally supposed that th
cal program was presented by members	!ffee and cake, to which ample justice	neoted with it, but people living nearer
of the choir, with some outside asssistance, I M doi|Q Prior to this, however, and the scene of the crime, are disposed including a selection or two from Kev.	whi|e t^e merry-making was at a high	to think the	thieves were not strangers.
H. Plaisted, who also gave an	address.	^ the drains of martial music were
The other speakers were the Rev. J. L. ,	tQ proceed from the street, to which
esheeess -,h*———	•sn «
Liv try in Connection.	|	Loslio NotOI.	bride. It is, perhaps, needless to say
the honor was responded to in a most becoming manner by the groom.
Having partaken of the good things, as above stated, the guests resumed their amusements with renewed vigor, and continued the enjoyment, until Mr. and Mrs. McCagg left for their home in Bry shortly before midnight.
The bride was the recipient of a very large number of wedding gifts, comprising a host of ornamental and useful articles, many of them of consderable value.
In the wide circle of friends and acquaintances, whose congratulations and unreserved good wishes go out to the young couple,at this the* most momentous period in their lives* The Eg vit y heartily desires to be included.
I 4
I. H. C. F. AND 8.. EDINBURGH
REID BROS.,
-THE ARCADE-
Residence ami office In A. Hmlley'e house, Elmslde.
Utile* boura-8a.nl., to 12 a m., and 7 p.m. Telephone No. 2.
Arnprior, Ont.
(
s
P.S. — All dresses will be made in ur Dressmaking Department with 20 p c. discount off regular prices during January sale.
(
HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE Hull* - • - Que.
McGuire is paying the highett price for hides and pelts 50 cents.
As a home remedy for throat and lung diseases, Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral is invaluable. Druggists now have Ayer’s Almanac.
For hoarseness, loss of voice and all affections of the vocal organs, the favorite remedy with many clergymen, singers, actors, auctioneers, and public speakers is Ayer’s Cherry Pectoral. As an anodyne expectorant, its beneficial effects are promptly realized,
We,have received the first numbei Cn rhe “Canadian Plumber’s Journal, Gas, Steam and Hot water Fitter*# Review, * a very bright and spicy publication, and one which we have no doubt will be cordially welcomed and much appreciated by the trade to whose interests it will be devoted. The subscription price is placed at 10c. per month, or $1.00 per annum. Mr. A. A. Belanger of 188 St. Hubert St., Montreal, is editor and business manager. We wish the new journal every success.
The presence of tramps in this vicinity caused a certain feeling of uneasiness to pervade the citizeue, and several of them have adopted precautionary measures to prevent midnight raid# on their premises, should any be in contemplation. In this connection The Equity's lately improved self acting, sling shot, spring gun, has been found to do it# work in the most sanguinary fashion. Nocturnal visitors therefore admonished to beware. But after all, precautions are quite unnecessary on our part, as our wealth is all safely stowed away where even the most ex* pert cracksmen cannot get at it—in fact wo cannot discover any means of getting hold of it ourselves.
Hides 5 eta ; p+dts
,
72 MAIN ST. • HULL QUE.

¦
S.4.H(kAV,IUL.
J
JOHN COYNE.
%
LBRK OF THE CIRCUIT AND MAGISTRATES
COURTS FOR THE DISTRICT OF PONTIAC
Al PORTAGE DU FORT, P. Q.
All business entrusted to him will receive Immediate attention.
, and it was
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,1 OFFICE I —COURT ST., SHAW VILLE.
Account» collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
ey were con
ST LAWRENCE IIALL.
Personal Mention.
Mr. Thomas McWilliams paid a visit to his relatives here last week.
Mr. Alex Delisle, of Egan ville, was in town on New Year’s day.
Mr. Alf. McRae left for Brockville on Tuesday morning to take a course in the Business College there.
Mr. W. S. Naylor, of the Molson Bank, Montreal, is at present on a visit to his relatives in this village.
Miss Alma Bison, of Ottawa, was a visitor at Mr. J. H. Shaw's on New \ ear, and two or three subsequent days.
Miss Maud Taggart, of Ottawa, spent New Year with her grand parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Hodgins, of this village.
are
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE,
Jan* 4.—Our new year is commenced and I consider it my duty to inform all your readers that we are still in existence.
Miss A. Seaman started for Ottawa today. Our teacher has returned from her Christmas holidays. Our postmaster had a serious runaway last Thursday while going to Otter Lake for the mail.
Benjamin and Charles Reid, while out strolling through the woods to day captured three fine bears.
James Parker is drawing oats to David Lunam’s ahanty, across Bear lake.
Hoping these few lines will find space
in your valuable paper,—
An Old Subscriber
0. Tnrpoin - - Prop.
Shawville Produce Quotations.
to 18
mîïIHhotel has been recently opened for |Sng,' and large oommoillou* Sample Room».
son
Oats........
Peas.........
Buckwheat...
Rye.........
Eggs........
Wool.........
Butter.......
Pork per 100 Beef per 100.
Hay per Calfskins Hides...
Pelts. . . .
Turkeys per lb..........
Geese and Chickens per lb
37
• »
27
30
14
PONTIAC HOUSE,
Shawville,
.... 17 to 18 .
.... 12 to 13
4.25 to 4 50
3.00	to 3 50
9.00	to 10.00
Que.
¦**
C10ALDWELLJ -2 -«PROPRIETOR
ton
The Shawville Marble and Gran-iteWorka, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in MonPrices reason-
25

> 00 to 6
.. 40 to
Dress Goods, Cloakings, Flannelettes, etc., all reduced to wholesale prices during the month of Jany., at
G. F. Hodoihs* I
Fifteen and sixteen cents for fresh made butter of good quality, and fourteen cents for eggs at McGuire ¦ Grocery.
uments, Headstones, etc able.

5 to 6$








.
		
###PAGE###2###

HERMANN
A VEST PATHETIC STOBï. EtWufïirUB'», k
__	•	always covered by a piece of anow-yvMte
MOST SUBLIME EXAMPLE OF MA-1	1',^ win T/Zn/th* r2
to-morrow, and will continue up to the last. She should have the Monty on rize. Caaes like hi re cannot be thrown the waeta basket, and no Aeademi-Follewe Him to New I olrdoula aed cian can affoni to me*loot them. The Toil» Like a Slave Thai Me May Have rase i« elated, 1 la* demand in ready and low fori.	the only fault of M. Mi mande ia to have
"Crlminovoli." U . qtiwr mime for I J^S/in'Sh»*Pia^cSflwT'imroidlatij^ a good book ; Uut that ia the title of | and let It go to the Institut "
a work by M. Mimande on the convicts
of New Caledonia, Norn Island. Uourail,
This burst of angry impatience was I diminish the risks of the key falling I and Noumea. The author gives a de-
The beautiful enth»a-| iJk of"wlTwin^w'!rn ""lludi^r' wJ	of m,mc other foreign filed and eiuiple a«x*mt of life in tte
almost maddened by that glance : and orflce- 1 he diplomatic correspondence kind of penal servitude, and he brings to
if the respect of a lover had hitherto with the principal capitals is not sent I light a worthy candidate for the prise i *rh newmanere nf	..
,	now	rapt	inru%.^l%	T’^'i ht ^ Un eÏ'T W U'mijQ*i prl-a““tJJ ? public, give the text of a curiouT bUl
m one of those prophetic transports by drag my promised bride.” he fierce y 1	' gt ,lUs known as despatch-bear- * * d. It may seem strange to think recently submitted to the Provincial
which the women of her Land were of- fried, “from the ruin that threatens era.	that nucha prize could fgo to the coun- LegMnture. The ournose of the hill
the Roman pliilttngtvs. She stood, like point of her »|.ei»r was inslanl'.y at his 01081 conspicuous betrayal of truat captured by la mere Vidrao, whose path- attendant inorro» of nomdation The
æf I SHHfrErS l Zf:
Ox€Hl upon the distant cm! de ms of in- arms, and was endeavouring to force her Loudon on the evo of the Congres» of garo as follows:	. ,	’	. W)	'	' “°
jrrAiur£sari.T EEH~HfmESN:,'rr ™—- jüææt szx js	c *"
lured in the long lines of reposing struggle commenced. The youth was brought to light through the agency neaux, was brought to trial for murder. Article II The rlamifimH * tenta, or the silence with which they Ja’i am* powerful, and his rude grasp of a copy is* who waa employed In the He was a perfect Meridional type, a	.	.	.	. tu>0 MJ°
were coven*!; whUe her voice, which wayward^^^ré^|icua ^:,%d I TT	tho dorunM'nt w“ °» the good-for-nothing poaer. who lived upon	°° ^	°* the
broke forth in a wild chant, embody- not a worshipped mistress; but he soon fl,e Having obtained access to it, he women, on the strength of the curl Article HI. The tax shall he «rad. »t ing low, but rich and heart-thrilling discovered what fearful energies can made a copy of It, ajid subsequently al- of his moustache. Well, this Vidrac has ed as follows: For mm of 20 to 30 years accents, seemed to be addressed, not to f”1/?!!?'* 1 he	arm w hen much lowed an evening newspaper to pub- • mother, by whom he is adored. There f*r»j for men of SO to 35. $10 ; for men of
her companion, Hut the elements by	^ him with uLlUng “e^! 1Ub , “trsnscrlnt of U. He was prrv U» b. no purer, more honest wenn. g**J» i.% men,of 5° to 75.
which she waa surrounded, or the spir- and cheeks that glanced like an angry ®routed on a charge of stealing the than «he is, I tut her son. who dis- Article 4. The follow ins ahalM»* »-its that hovered upon her ecstatic vis- Hiunder-oloud ; she twined within his document but the charge was not sus- graced her, always scoffed at her and empt: 1. Widowers during a term nf
and°fro wh?tn^hriwlcn.8	fvA|ll“>liut>	tainpd' M ^.here was no evidence of so- treated her cruelly. She is that kind three years within which period they
"Lift up thy head, my country, to I rage and defiance, with which she foC- tl,aI ,heft <* ihe manuscript. He either of mother that nothing tires and noth-	wi
behold the ruin of the spoiler; prepare	every effort, pierced the recesses j committed the nuhstanoo of the agree- ing ahnngos. the mother that is al- down, however, who were° married
thy voice for the welcome of deliverance ILvlnt	started the annent , ment to memory, or made hurried notes ways a mother. Every day during the young and are childless, or who have
r“'um,b \ n‘c-* ite ffisfin "ius!'* >s I	“ir S7"*“• “ -
•hl&de b deept ning. the spears and Was it a (losh of lightening that sad- time by which this act of treachery ^rt, where the scamp theatrically Article 5. Single women and «tuile darts descend like rain amid the thun- u<^n> broke from the forest Î—was it, could be punished.	threw kisses at her. These kisses seem- men who reject, without legitimate
dsr; the burning tents are raided to-1 *ume warrior-deity of the north who had j The. «P«*una caused great annoy- ed so false and so thoroughly Gascon cause, aspirants for their hand and do
S“~:¦" wh!"J”.i4>°»«.“t »'.,rE	S$<
tneir defenders. On—on ye victorious at hough he was armed in heavy Roman ihe unenviable position of agreeing in ra to Lward to tht^m the halo of Article 6. The proceeds of the tax War-men 1 Yet another effort, and the ma“*\ a warrior suddenly broke upon the advance upon the provisions and limi- the guillotine. But the jury were not shall lie distributed normally among
HP;, ¦“ -- J: C	W
war its master ; the eag.es are low of I his new-comer, as if he could not could not Le indicted under the law, a sentence of	in the name <2 the provint»
In the dust; auu t he swords I hat guarded cr®dlt tbe reality of such a scene of out repetitions of his offence could be PENAL SERVTTIînR pnn t nev
“TJr.rr 5 T "% - 5 %	K l/oi"Æt”LVr.“: H.
..... -k.. ...v„r	-ssfii	y $ zinc? x— »» » <*?....
the morning sun looks forth in his ,at ,er endeavoured to conceal his shame ( British public service to reveal an of-	*	*K>or woman, ^ho a just ono.m
strength! The vtftur»	“nder. looks of rage, as he hastily facial secret. Any one convicted of a waa a widow without any other chil- Have the murage to tell a man wihy
s surras
mighty of Valhalla shout to liehold our 1 ^ ^ ranger raised his eyes to Thus- imprisonment at hard labor for five or .. ^	colony.	olotlwa until you can pay for new ones.
*d%“tSM1rS SpjTtHHB s
powers who have inspired the vision ! com^a1t*	their weapons had fho betrayal of $. naval engineering de-	’ ™ gmrtl ,t><>kc<l at her with | Have the courage to oU*y your maker
s?	EB?Hü?—IE	- - - -
I husne.da. Tbusnelda !*•	1LM antagonist, he found himself over-1 1 ar offences with great severity. On „, v ,	** ^ou *iave money in your pocket.
The calll aroused the young prophet- h,,<i ,in. . îhe powerful grip that this account Prince iiLsmarck’s recent xlefl'	Have the courage to do without that
~	Æ, rJÆSî.ïï! I	SZSS	“a"r
,srr»t:.td	-îSaitysré -
ed with eagerness. "I have seen tnc ruin unwort /n r* “ \ <llsf|ailn.in»k *° i#r2SShoui Efurope for the Protection 1 ho devotion of the mother had si- your means, not beyond them.
mm##r
spiMiss
EIm IS5fI	EF^EieSÉB
thyself some other mate to join thee	tl0 ,)e Continued).	"	tw °ld woman/	the mind scenes and characters more
in worshipping the oppressor, for I	—    THE EARLIEST MEN.	Now, gentlemen of the Academy.you P*1 f than those we are acquainted
and^dark! b u t ^ he re J°™r e Vree."" Go AN CHERITANCg oOP £6,000.000. Dootor Rank^ of the German A nth- | mother, if it L "«Sillj* *2#^todsvJt%a <'ompletelv matisfW with our *pr% man of a crouching souCi. whom neither Thomas CroweJI, an old Hants	ropological Society, recently undertook to suffering for devotion. To whom	***ditlon, or with our past at-
STATE SECRETS.
her
rwelthmeel» Inilrlrd fer KeveallBf DI
pIwMRlIr Secret».
I
Every foreign office In Europe take»
CHAPTER I «—Continued.	to ruin ; he selected me a» thy destined
dost taunt me, because 1 prefer the froui this place of fearful vision ! the n cU>her, and only thieo or four lords and teachers of the world to the I Sark *Pir,lu of Hmla gather round it. confidential clerks are entrusted with
well done! Dust thou hate me be- Hence, hence, for to et ay ia death I changed onoe in three or four years cause l walk in my father's steps!** I Awajr w‘tk me ,0 ^hy father I"	| in the British Foreign Office so as to
The appeal was in vain, because it was unheard.
iast, who so lately had breathed slaughter and conflagration, as if these had been her kindred element, was
TEKNAL DEVOTION
pn*
into
Devotion of lie Mother of » f'onvlrl Mir
TAXING CELIBACY.
Heroic Wen*»res Pro,»o*ed in a Provincial
Legislature of the Argentine
ion
COURAGE IN LIFE.
Have the courage to make • will, and

men
l
new interest
rs
courage to a< knowledge noranee, rather than to seek or knowledge under false preten-
i
\
ces
Have the courage to speak your mind »t ia necessary you should do so, and to hold your tongue when it to prudent to do so.
Hive the courage to show that you respect honesty in whatever guise it appears and your contempt for dishonest duplicity b> whomsoever exhibited.
Hive the courage to cut the most agreeable acquaintance you have when convinced he lacks principle. "A friend should hear with a friend's infirmities." but not with his vices.
i
She fell
in a
>
' J
'

here and there a gem
the
one a
a mere spectator
\
i
V ¦tjl

.
t •

###PAGE###3###


ÜE9 *H!11Ie jüBÎ
Cb%n«L rr™r;,r Hsïf'SSSiH.a	trr » J:%%%%%«-%
srSHS	SSSSSSÇ sH EHfEE
a maxi, but if a roan have not g<ttd honmt pj,yaioiaii. writing a pivscrip- ion, will borne and put iW ,hamd on during which this wonderful revelation self hard, and people ran outdoors in
rS	r ssrwwr- z; HEEHiHEEB
depend up mi the fact t hat they are a.l	drniigw	weakened by a cheaper m their in cony, and th«*y will exchange froin very remote p,.ace8, crowded in- and on the * tai ceases of the house id
right insbde, while their conduct Is article, and another drug may lie in the hypocritical "not at home," for the K jerUHlvCm to participate in it. It which the Chxistiana were. Were con-
rRE£FH§=5 5^^» fcrtr
oua taJr, fluent talk, Inwttful talk, per from ifj0^0n W[m found to have 4M«*1 conviviality. .	passover Sabbath," and the word i en- UalileansHÉH
petual talk. They will entertain you p^g. <*„t, of rosin and alcohol and There hanged to be ai new departure	^	[or fiftieth. The Oid quitalu; hut doubtless the nationality
jxrfvz MS	lECEkSJfœ rar^rrA^ EE5BH-E&1
life that they have no patience with op ^ura of a tree or a bush in I we have had the daguerreotype an l weeks—"a week of weeks’ —paused l>e~ far more provincial than our<v, very like-ordinary Christians in the plain dis- Syria. The root of the tree is exposed, aenbrotype atod the t>1,u!<>g‘^h'	tween passover and Pentecost. The ly by their dress, for, though the GyJil-
rr„;	bs iteHrEHBS
•ail and very little tonnage. Foretop- crudes. It is precious, this scammony, want b> photograph the image or uoo Sun(, ttntj modern calculations, as wt ly distinguish himself, just as in our
ïM JS	if	s
everything from flying jib to misz with a cheaper material; then it conics oyr time we h»iA« had the t< ‘ I such data s.i certain ; for, in the first Vmvagu or New York, or tui American spanker, but making no useful voyage. on tn tl* wholesale druggist in London invention, and the tetephonic inv	L there is doubt as to which of m London, migh, be promptly piiiced
S1SSS
into all the circumstances of life. We chpa|îer material, and by the time the » long while known much Bttoiu. n< ^ arises also from the limits of Spirit gave tbme m n facility in iangu-
™.;pZ % n	v - .’zz.rsz -=3 SSSSS
directions.	• (	scammony after analysis hlis been dium to malm the dear	.?*	. from midnight to midnight, as with I more pleasing can*- for this question
Yonder is a river with steep and found to no Bca,„mony at all.	graphic mwlmm to dart invitauoti f ^ Uq ,.lbe stover .Sal.bath" Jesus may be. found iu lImi probability that
**¦¦**
HM —MilBga BM
ESil M^HiSSlEEIl ###
there and drink It has thru gu t we would like to compromise this mat- they wen>.	. • fKejr religion in- of the resurrection1 b-t might have been performed on
sssass	suasse.
lantic coast. The one river is a man Ah my friends, If a mam hath got- M he American hunn^v .	,atle^ vine power. This endowment of iwwer od much during i he centuries, but they
know how the mite of the ^	After awhile this man who» church of vkkI as tn v	(»ne—"the mighty works of God. A multitude, not to be estimated by nuin-
EirljxrS'ofj&ri rHaLa’j.3
U^'LUetayAccord*toaWalïa6ktreè? ^»tem by which he came to (ind^ut °LRhTuW be' united in to^y/VappaS wVsV Roman p^ laterals on which to make a spiritual rided for it then nun»» *	Mon-	PRACTICAL NOTES.	m to be understood, not the continent
IP
rbnnl'tii »„«# All Toll-I'allk Wllboel one
vet
Work Is Bond.
_	Every
No r« g Lon known without
the
i bis se» mu at fus< a strange
t>7
a it
•o
the
. The miracle was not the ears of the hearers
IILWI
Do you
ancient city of Jerusalem was
two brothers who had ad-
brother had
The dwellers in Mvs. ootanna
ut-scc nd-
There we re
Efe Sti£ wttïr. uS hj?
ily «aid: "There is my brother with no flami: y. He must be lonely and 1 ml I try to cheer him up, and 1 will take gome of the sheaves from my fifed in the nighttime and set them over on his farm and «ay nothing about It." The other brother said. My brother has a large family, and it is very difficult for him to support them, and 1 will help him along, and I will take some of the sheaves from my farm in the nighttime and set them oyer on his farm and say nothing about it. So the work of transference went on night after night and night after night.
morning things seemed to
for, though
one
on!
rec
as
the day. slightly the job."
done
news or
but every
brothers were perplexed and could not understand. But one night tne
OT£,ijr£!r‘.5^LS:~-3
r::%Z'.r:Z'.Tra%
forth the idea that wherever a kindly
fonu^rThTta* the 1Sp3g ftt° for &*
“yfij'ÆTSSfty»
BrHBEBs
Z0'£
Wm&
^e"‘ss
•* Th»t U) pure auirar,’1 when there
vm
the
of for-
as some sa-
lt will
ise
(U
LONG AND DEEP
go

•ay,
Kohls|»ring—I heard that Hubble had drilled down 2.000 feet in that weü al his. I wonder ho whe is getting alongt Rhino—I hear that he’s getting a long
well

And
pfayaician.
J


###PAGE###4###

Evidence of Collusion.
The fiquitj/.
^ ^ ___ Mr. Laurier'e Montreal «pooch, like ___	^
Séville, Jan, 7. 1897. =,c'r,'^=T,.=S	THANKS.
Out to Clear.
little. “Some of us are of English origin, some of French, but, above all things, let ue be Canadians,*' Is an example. Why not add some are blind while others can see, but,above all, let us have noses ! When we leave the oom«
mon place in the deliverance and get.	a
down to the facts we find in them two f«r the largest years business in
suggestive statements. The first is that perience, also that the efforts we have put speaking in French to French'Canadians forth during the year in our customers in--m.t in English to English Canadian. „ havti beoll nl)procistvd.
—Mr. Laurier characterized the school arrangement as a “first instalment of Legislation." What does this mean / Is he speaking truthfully when he implies that there is more to follow Î The next is contained in these words :
“In March last, as we know, the (#ov eminent of Sir Mackenzie Howell, sent Sir Donald Smith, Mr. Dickey and Mr.
We think everyone who has an interest in the welfare of the Agricultural Society No. 1, will regard with satisfaction the action of the Directors at their last meeting, in purchasing another piece of land, whereby the grounds may be enlarged to respectable proportions. The next move, following the fencing in of the newly acquired property,—which will extend the grounds to considerably more than double theii present size—should be the erection of a suitable hall, something imposing in
O
We have to thank the public for by
our ex*
The Cash Store.
Everything in the shape of
• WINTER GOODS -
reduced in price.
January 5th.
Left 01 Haul:
We will open 1897 by holding
Annual January Great Clearing Sale
our
design and substantial in character, a building worthy the name of exhibition hall and of credit to the Society. The
question is, do the present energetic Des jardins as commissioners to Manitoba
... ,h*	uv, ,h, W.	M.mtobe'sml K'.h”
Government of that province to restore Separate Schools as they existed before 1890? Not at all, hut simply to otter a
compromise. Hut that is not all. The ,	...	.	_ . jânâlimMt
reference last week, would it not he a good compromise they offered gave the Catho-1 Every article m	pa
idea for the promoters to have a meeting lies mush lees than has been granted us throughout the entire store reduced to
of the ratepayers c.nveued for some date by the concewion. to which the Manito- Wholesale Price, during sale.
„ 1 /	,	.	_	ha Government consented. The com-1
prior to the day of voting, m order that a prouiiao which the commissioners of the
thorough understanding of the project be late Goreiumcnt offered and prepared,	who availod theln,elve. of our
- rttt CSTjSL. ....	.ill ,1. di..bt .ttend
made by the Government of Manitoba.' and bring their friends ago.
I Read this over carefully and grasp its
. It is a declaration that the	----
9 pairs long Moccasins 5 Boys’ Overcoats,
5 Men’s Overcoats 1 Goat Rohe,
3	Beaver Caps,
4	Muskrat Caps,
1 doz. Caps
which will continue throughout the entire month.
Woolens, Blankets, Furs, Mitts, Moccasins, Overcoats, Heavy Tweeds, etc., must be cleared out, not a dollar’s worth to be carried over.
tiative ?
Lest there should bo any misconception of the electric scheme to which we made
>
Decided Bargains in above lines during Jnnuary.
You are lucky if you have kinds delayed you purchases.
Winter will be here as us-
At ions from the company may be necessary before people will be in a position to know the precise nature of the privileges they | meaning
are asked to concede. As we understand , late Government sought earnestly to
effect a compromise with the Green way Government, and, that, not in a coercive way. It is an assertion that the late I chasing your daily wants town of Shawville with electric lights for Government offered to make an arrange-1
twenty years, and we agree to furnish you ment with Mr. Green way less onerous to with lights as cheaply as they are supplied the province than that which Mr. Green-
in any other town or village m Canada ; qUeeqon which will suggest itself to every at the same time it is understood that thoughtful man is, “Why did not Mr.
Greenway accept ?” The answer is obvious. Mr. Laurier and Messrs. Green way and Sifton were in collusion. What is more, there	no	for Clifford
of using electric lights or not—just as they Sifton. Mr. Sifton could not accept the
wish. We would expect, however, that “less” offered by the late Government | pFOSpCVOUS
any one who accepts the system, must without a portfolio ; but he could jump ,	at the “more proposed by the present
agreo to use it for some stipulated time (invernmenti ,eei„g that it had personal
befi re he can throw it out* a return to advan » himself appended t" it.
Now, if this correctly represents the matter, we see no serious objection to the by-law being adopted. But there may be ratepayers who can advance points which will show up the project in an entirely different light, hence the wisdom of having it thoroughly discussed before hand. It is with this in view, therefore, that we throw out the suggestion above made.
various
We invito all who have a dollar to spend to come and see how far it will go in pur-
the proposal of the company, it is this : Give us the exclusive right to supply the
ual
Who wants them
Como in and sec what we can do.
Everything we sell included in Sale, No Reserve.
at
ratepayers will not be compelled to adopt the system,—that is, if the by-law carries, they have reserved to them the privilege
ridiculously low nrices ?
Anything wanted in Groceries ? We head the procession in this line.
Wishing all a happy and
New Year.
HODCINS & SONS.
E.
J. H. SHAW.
was not expected that Mr. Laurier would!	aF¦ H03DGrHTSe
best testimony to the oollwion or to the cupidity of Mr. Sifton, but he has done it in a most able manner.—Mail.
o
It is said that an Orangeville father, who T. 61*1118 of fecllc christened his baby, born on June 23rd,
“Wilfrid Laurier," has been awarded by the grateful Premier with a House of |
Commons mesaengership. If this story is true Mr. Laurier will probably live to re* gret it. Young Wilfrid Lauriers will be bobbing up all over the country till the Civil Service is not big enough to hold i their fathers, mothers, grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins. Besides a self-respecting father has no right to mort-
Spot Cash or equivalent.
7
Li
Card of Thanks.
4
X
J. A. BECKETT,
Scheme to Aid our Schools.
A. J. JACKSON.
???
Following is the text of the Elementary School resolutions introduced by the Government in the Legislature last week : 8*8® his child's political future in this Resolved, l. That it shall be lawful	Most of those Wilfrid Lauriers
fur the Lieutenant-Governor-in-Council wil1 probably turn out good Conservatives, to cause to be set aside and appropriated j reinaiks the Montreal Gazette, for elementary school purposes one mil-	w.i
lion live hundred thousand acres of public I	C*0W S N0St
lands, which lands shall be disposed of in such manner and under such conditions as may be fixed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council.
A. Smiley wishes to inform
GENERAL
MANUFACTURER
the people of the surrounding country that he has opened business in his new premises, (opposite G. F.Hodgins’ store) where he will be found at all
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
OF
O

Carriages,
Wagons, Sleighs,
Cutters, etc.
MAIN STREET,
SHAWVILLE.
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
MR. BLAIR SAYS IT WILL BE BUILT, IF HE CAN CONVINCE 1118 COLLEAGUES.
¦pt—
Mi
c B-.e. mc.t.oud ... towns, improving c„, Avilie confirmed the condition of elementary and model I
school teacheis, supplying school books I
gratuitously and generally providing for |
the more efficient diffusion of elementary I
education throughout the province, the
whole to such	the Lieutenait-
Governor in Council may be pleased to I Public Notice Is hereby given that at a
order and under such regulations as he1 IKm^nTelp.lUy of the vllfe Sh^wvlllef may be pleased to make.	held In the Council Hall on Mondav the 4lh
Resolved, i That for the purpose.	J
mentioned m the preceding resolution un- company to be composed of the following til the said Elementary School Fund pro gentlemen, namely. John H. Shaw, George
duces a net year,, income of sixty thou- I
sand dollars, there shall be granted to f for a period of twenty years from the coming Her Majesty yearly the sum of fifty
thousand dollars out of the Consolidated the ratepayers for their approval on Tues-Revenue Fund of this province.	day the ^th day of January, Inalant. at ten
Resolved, o. I hat as soon as a net an- Given at Shawville this 5th day of January
thousand dollars 1MW7.	By order.
times prepared to cater to the wants of his customers with
*ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED
fore.
FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
For the liberal patronage lie has received he wishes to return his sincere thanks, and by continuing to give satisfaction, he hopes to merit it for the future.
«FACTION GUARANTEED.
Parties who desire a first-class winter rigout of any kind will do well by giving me a call. Terms reasonable and satisfaction guaranteed.
O
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
J. A. BECKETT.
the Minister’s sentiments, and promised to educate hie constituents in the East to the same view.
LIVERY,
TAKE NOTE !
NEW GROCERY
Public Notice.
January Annual
R. HOBBS, TROP.,
Clearing sal£ shawville,- - hue.
LIQUOR STORE
IN BRYSON. •
OK
One of the best equipped
Liveries in the District.
Choice Dress Goods, and Furs,
Having given up the hotel business I desire to inform the inhabitants of Bry and surrounding country that I h opened a grocery and liquor stole in the °jd hotel stand, opposite Turpain’s Hotel, Cobb St., where 1 have now on hand a

AT
son
CHARGES MODERATE
nual income of sixty shall be raised from the permanent fund, the said grant out of the Consolidated Revenue fund shall cease, but if, in any year thereafter, the income arising from
fall T0rrZm»2VZm	Iu£ vilBSSwr	lié,1 told ïn'Z%u n- I “y ,tock ie wel1 known to be of a .op-
thousand dollars,’hen the provincial treas* cjl Hall In ithe said Village of Shawville on erior grade, large and well assorted ; be
urer shall pay out of the Consolidated hundred and ninety-seven. Inconformity I sides, the prices for January will be the Revenue Fund such sums of money as are with the provisions of the Municipal Code i. .	,
SSL	J u % 4ft ! EHKHvmS-î :Z3 Z **-—-
any excess of the income of the said Prendergast and John 'H. Armstrong, form 1 friends at this season bargains of goods / « ,	,«	log a quorum of the Council, under the pre-	. ,
school fund in any year over the said sum *|<fency of the Mayor.—	that are new, warrantable and fresh.
-fisaxMftV,-,, JtftmSSf»£S5
tnai.agemcnt and sale of the lands set, the following gentlemen namely. John H spurt is mentioned in the fir. t of
resolutions, shall be paid out or tne , wltb them, for a period of twenty years from jiieys derived therefrom, before making | the coming into force of this By-law.
for the elementary schools, °f | J. R-Horntj^^	H. Hobbs.
ave
WMJLLiN’S, ARNPRIOR.
J R, HORNER. Sec Treas
BT-LiW ITo, 54,
Province of Quebec, Municipality of Hhawvllle
\
Choice Stock of Staple
Groceries sad Liquors,
___i prepared
advance on cost.
which I am
1.
to sell at a email
We take stock once a
LIQUORS SOLD BY WHOLESALE ONLY.
I have been Instructed by the Honorable the Commleelouer of Crown Lands, to make h reduction of two thirds on the arrears of Interest and rent due, to all settlers who from this date to the 15th of June next, pay up the balance of principal and Interest due by them on their respective lands.
Elgin St., Arnpnor.	of lhle offer* **11 m*y be
ILU AM
Morehead, Nov. 26 th/m* Lan<lh Ageu1,
A Call Solicited.
P. McCORMACK.
WM. ALLAS,
Wanted-An Idea
5
MR. M0NTE1TH, Manager
BMMMiBPU
ino
any use the money so obtained.
Mayor
?


###PAGE###5###
V.:
Waltham Note#.
I Ueorge Moore and Herbie Coughlin ; 3,
pH WSli p^'eIeSS1—
from Clarendon. The bride was beoom	beads ii, blemkntahy.
ingly attired in brown merge, trimmed Lulu Minier ; 2, Eflie Moran ; 3, with blue satin. Mima Carrie Robinson Ruborl Ritchie ; 4. Fred Ritchie ; 6, Ar-
performed the duties of bridemmaid, I, McLean ; <>, George Kemp ; 7, Char- I Ontario, County of Cmrleton, to wit: while Mr. J. Marcotte aaeieted the groom. l,t,e "roWnlee.	I, Cbarloi Moee, of the City of Ottawa, in the
All join in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Nunley Absent jduring Examination :— Maud County of Carleton, Blacksmith, do hereby a long and happy journey through life. Moore, Melinda Kemp, Lisais Lester and | solemnly declare as follows :
Mrs. W, Richardson, of Foresters Falls I Aelita Kemp was visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Taylor, this week.
Mies K. Poupore returned home Saturday, and reports having enjoyed herself to her heart’s content.
Mies Taylor, and her sisters, Misses Lottie and Ilattie, left this morning for Shawville. Lottie and Hattie are gone to attend the Academy, and Miss Taylor to dress make, and who, without» doubt, can please the most fastidious.
Mr. James La belle, one of our popular young men, left to-day for Ottawa, where he has a situation as culler for J. R.
Booth.*
Master Ossie McDonald is visiting his sister, Mrs. W. U. Poupore, at present.
My time is limited but you will hear
i	Flous.
Here in Ottawa
E» P• Weston, the 69 yeatold pedestrian, failed in him attempt to equal his record, made 26 years ago, of walking 112 miles in 24 hours. Ife walked a little over 103 miles.
y
Proof That There Is a Cure for Diabetes.
I
Bristol
The following sworn statement Is the best proof that diabetes le not incurable, and that there la a remedy which will euro it.

Saw and - -Grist Mills.

.1.1 reside at 180 Bell Street, In the «aid City
M. L. Hunter, Teacher, of Ottawa.
9. For the past fifteen years I have been a groat sufferer from kidney disease; among the prominent symptoms of which were severe pains lu my back, hot flashes extending from v u u i> ,	, I the base of the spine up between my shoulders,
de V. Hugh Brownlee 1, Ida dizeiuess, headaches, etc. I was In a bad state Armstrong 2, Lizzie McDowell 3.	generally ami suffered great agony at times.
i trade IV . —Etta Armstrong 1, Annie The intense pain prevented my sleeping,and I Prendergast 2, Maud Smiley and Eva | seomod to get worse continually. The doctors Armstrong (equal) 3.	who were called in pronounced my disease
tirade III.—Wesley Glenn lt Herbert diabetes, but their treatment did no good, and Armstrong 2, Lina Hudgins 3.	they holdout but slight hope of my recovery.
Grade II.—Ethel Caldwell 1, Idena I I then so far gone with the disease that I Prendergast 2, Harvey Glenn 3.
Primer II.—Emma Sinclair 1, Nellie ! was of * wine color, an I full of sediment.
Sinclair 2, Percy Richardson 3.	purml^nt relief!^ °f me<liciue' but wilhout
n Mri<hnroI‘tl7 nlbe,V fl,,r,ler 1* tioraoe <• Hearing of Doan's Kidney Pille I got a Caldwell 2, W illie Brownlee 3.	box at II. F’TMaoOarthy'sdrua store, but having
Regular attendance-Milured Prender	LX
gast, Idena l rendurgast, Katie Glenn, they struck the right spot at once, and I com-Hervey Glenn, George Sinclair. Emma F1®"064 to R«t better From that time on
Sinclair, Nellie Sinclair. Ethel Bade..
L. Sly, Teacher. entirely free from pain of any kind. The urine
is natural, and I am now working right along every day In my shop.
6. It is a great source of pleasure for me to testify to the world of the curative powers of Doan h Kidney Pills, and I make thin solemn declaration conscientiously believing It to be true, and knowing that it Is of the same force and effect as If made under oath and by virtue of the Canada Evidence Act.
December Examinations.
on
The undersigned begs to announce to the farmers and general public of Bristol and vicinity, that they are fully equipped for doing all kinds of
Custom Gristing,
---INCLUDING-
WHITE FLOUR, GRAHAM FLOUR, BUCKWHEAT FLOUR, CORN MEAL AND GENERAL HASHING.
NO. 7, CLARENDON.
TO TURN OUT
UP-TO-DATE
could not turn In bed without help. My urine
PRINTING
again from
Wo are prepared to grind every ; thu year (excepting Sunday») and
day in our arrangements are so perfected that every farmer may get his own grist without returning a second time for it. If you wish to save money and feast on wholesome food, tfy our stone ground Hour.
Doings &t Elmside.
The people of Elmside spent an enjoy able New Year on the ice at Norway Bay, skating. On the river could be seen people of all ages and sexes, or to put it in .
the words of the comic song 41 young men f ourth ('lass.—Alice Murray 1, M. E. and old men, and girls that weren't men ^ L, rro ^arab Hickey 3. at all " could be seen there. After their ,lln* t *ifca8—Tenais ( 'Luke 1, Annie arrival homo, 44 Oh, but I am tired," 44oh, Clarke Baura O'Harro 3 my lege!" warn about all that could be Second (Mass. —James O'Harro 1, Hir-heard.	am Alexander 2, Jennie Armitage 3.
Our congregational meeting at the Rart —Bertha Armitage 1, L. Joyce brick church was quite a success. The I Oliver Dailey 3. treasurer's report was very satisfactory.
The congregation purposes holding a mammoth aoiree some time this winter.
Notwithstanding all the halleluia preach-1 Wednesday, 22nd ult., with a Christmas era of the day, the Bristol congregation Tree entertainment, which was very much is hero to stay.	enjoyed, both by the children and their
We were aorrv to hear of the serious friends. Through the kindness of several illness of little Harry, [youngest son of gentlemen in the vicinity the tree wm well Mr. and Mrs. Nelson, the night of the loaded with gifts, which were distributed I I meeting. He is recovering nicely, how- by Santa Claus in his usual jovial man-ever.	I ner. The following is the result of the ? //
Our friend Robert Stewart is spending I examination :	I ?’
his holidays with his brother, Dr. Stewart Grade IV. -Maggie Lothian 820, Mary |	^
at Elmside. Bob is travelling for a rock- Cuthbertaon 727, Lavina Richards 042, ing chair company in Rochester at a sal-1 Lizzie Dodds 008, Walter Graham 000, ary of #1000 per annum. He must either Bercy Nelson 653, Harper McKechnio be a very successful salesman or Uncle | 498.
Sam's bairns like to be rocked.	Grade III, sr.— George Graham 080,1 *
Our old friend 8. Drummond is also a	Maud McIntosh 676, Maggie Richards	«
gueat of the Dr. Sam (who is studying	618, Lizzie McKechnie 611, Willie Camp-	J
medicine in Kingston and at present tak-	hell 660, Ira Young 497, Isaac Cuthbert-	C
ing a special course on the eye) has run-	son 484, Amelia Cuthbertaon 437, Sarah	*
dered good service this week by assisting	Miller 427, Amelia Cuthbertaon missed
Dr. Stewart in a number of operations on | three exams through illness, affected eyes. They have been success
WE ARE NOW FULLY EQUIPPED.
NO. 2, 801’Til ONSLOW
WORKMAN BROS. & CO
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
Bgd
CHARLES MOSS, Declared before mo at the City of Ottawa, in the County of Carleton, this 4th day of April,
Bed.
JOHN R O'MEARA,
A Commissioner, eto.
Annie Finlan, Teacher
The Public School at Elmside closed
:
on
Gray’s
The subscriber desires to inform bis old customers and tlm public generally that he has removed his blacksmithing business hack to his old stand on Main Street ( opposite nobody,) where he is now prepared to execute all work with which he may bo favored in a most satisfactory manner.
IB Syrup j m of Redj
8
IF You Require
TO
8
Spruce
HORSE-SHOEING -0
3 For Coughs, ! Colds, Bron-, chitis, Sore throat, etc.
ANI) ALL KINDH——
Gum
JOBBING AND REPAIRING.
Charges Moderate
.........	Note Heads,
m ,u ..«igh,..™, „r„	m„. | mSS"il- S,7: £	_	Bill Heads,
youngest daughter of W. C. Young. In McAra 508, David McAra 492, Henry	PUDIIC IMOtlCCe	Jilll VA IOTIPS
fact it was not safi for a person with a Davis 436, Mary Houlihan 425, Edward	¦¦	± ^
crooked eye to appear in Elmside this Dodd 415, Gertie Cuthbertaon 400, Mag Public Notice l« hereby given by the under-
we,k. K««p away, Mr. Editor, for the gie Houlihan 379. Fred Weig.nd 329.	K, S T	T .pffor TTûO A Q
present ; you have au eye that would not Grade 11. — Robert NVeigand 299, Albert raiepayer» of the said Municipality, quail- -I—Ivv UUUl llv/CXUD,
be«fe here.	Weig.„d 298, David Lothian 295, Collin.	^	,
On account of the illness of Drs. Dowd, ioung 248.	pallty, on MONDAY the ELEVENTH «lay	I	O’PT'Q
McLean and Groves, of Quyon, our doctor Grade I, advanced.—Ethel Stewart 270,	ryz	1 * ,897» at Ten o’clock in the
is on the jump night and day.	Maggie Campbell 201, Lottie Gordon 222, electing two couneSÏÏonof the.aMMumc”	i
Our townsman, Ned Graham is bust- Lena Houlihan 206, Ruby McKechnie Ç*l,tv pursuant to the provision» of the	I ylTAll I A.TS
ling up the hay.	^	, , T	’
"MSI:	hï,ÏÏo~. I	ISE - •“UM-uK.-d.M sst | Tickets,
Donald 237, Jennie Lothian 208.
Grade I, jr.—Daniel McAra 1, Jane Judgeon 2, John McAra and John Houli A Grant, we have just heard, has fall I ban (equal) 3, Ben Young 4, May Young on a victim to those eye doctors ; and it | 5, Herbert McAra 6. would not surprise me if his neighbor Ned, in case his turn-should come next,
would let the hay go to pot and suddenly I England’s Grand Old Man—-The Hon make tracks for the Kazubazua.	W. Gladstone—celebrated his eighty
George Grant is at present helping R. | seventh birthday at Hawarden on Tues Campbell.
More anon
* KERRY, WATSON A CO
Montreal
PAOMurroa»
Thanking the public for past favors, the I subscriber hopes by strict attention to 1 business and by giving good satisfaction j to merit a continuance of their patronage.
J. LESTER.
Shawville, Nov. 9, 1896
WANTED
Men to engage with us as
Salesmen. New season just opening ; ! new style of plate book ; and yet lighter than ever
All Supplies Furnished Free
We are the only Canadian Nursery paying salary and expenses from the start. a	a	Liberal commission to* part time men.
©l}0	©uC.. Large list of specialties, all living t 'a»
tested at our trial orchards If you want a sure thing for the winter write us.
more attractive
J. R. HORNER.
Sec.-Treas.
Grant.
H. Richards is making ready for up river on Wednesday first.
Programmes,
s
M. A. Bur wash, Teacher
Public Notice.
Give Us a Trial.
STONE & WELLINGTON, Nutscrymen and Fruit Growers,
TORONTO, CAN.
Over 700 acres under cultivation.
tar Mention this paper.
day of last week.	----—
The Montreal street railway company P undermentioned* LANlJ^'and * TEN E distributed among its employees as a MENTShave been seized, and will be sold at
Christina* gift six ton, of turkey, and	‘avinS'^Taim.6
three tons of plum pudding, amounting to same which the registrar is not bound to In*
» elude in blecertificate, under articleTOOof the code of civil procedure of Lower Canada, are or hereby required to make them known ac I cording to law. All opposition afln d'annuler afin de distraire, afin de charge or other oppositions to the sale, except In case of Venditioni Exponas, are required to be filed with the undersigned, at Ills office, previous to the fifteen days next preceding the day of sale; oppositions «fin de conserver may be filed at any time within six days next alter the return of the Writ.
Com
the
Bryson Village School#
eight carloads
The following are the results of the re cent Xmas Examinations :
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE.
The members of the Hornerite Holiness Movement, held a big conven grade hi, model.	I tion in Ottawa city last week. The con
1, Sarah Stevenson ; 2, Olive Turpain ; vent ion was for the purpose of perfecting
3,	Marcella Ardill ; 4, Maggie Stevenson, church organization, and the formation Algebra.—1, Olive Turpain ; 2, Mar- of a recognized denomination.
cel la Ardill ; 3, Sarah Stevenson ; 4, |------------—	—----- ¦	-----
Maggie Stevenson.
Latin.—1, Olive Turpain ; 2, Marcella Ardell and Harold Rimer ; 3, Maggie Stevenson.
Advanced French.—1, Olive Turpain [
2, Sarah Stevenson ; 3, Marcella Ardill ;
4,	Maggie Stevenson.
Geometry.—1, Sarah Stevenson ; 2,
Olive Turpain ; 3, Maggie Stevenson ;
4, Marcella Ardill.
»

i
PRICES THE LOWEST.
HE WAS NOT |A THIEF
TRADE MARKS, DESIGNS, COPYRIGHTS Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch nnd description may quickly ascertain, free, whether an Invention la probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Oldest agency for securing patents in America. We have a Washington office.
Patents taken through 1kmn A Co. receive special notice in the
FIERI FACIAS l)E BONIS ET DE
TERRIS.
In the Superior Court—Bryson%
though ho stole away her heart after getting that “catchy" suit from
McGuire, the Tailor.
Canada,
Province of Quebec,
Diet, of Pontiac.
No. 182.
DAME CATHERINE McDONNELL, Plaintiff ; against the goods and chattels, lands and tenements of DAME MARY K.AVAN AGH and EDWARD O’REILLY, her husband, Defendants, to wit :
All that certain piece, parcel or tract of land, lying and being in the Village ofQuyon In the county of Pontiac, In the province of Quebec and known and described according
Cto» Maker ini Secretary |
of Qu.von, excepting thereon and therefrom that portion of said lot No. lfiO, owned by Cam lie Turpain, and lying west of the slide cutting and excavation on the said lot and consisting of a small piece oi land of trtan-A gular shape—together with all the members rwiltwDEIH will be received up to the First and appurienancea thereunto belonging.
•*- V/JÇ^krsury next for a thoroughly corn- _	.	...	_
petent Cheese Maker. Tenders to be either To be sold at my office. In the village of
tort,™.£ea??n’!?y tbemonth‘or at 90 much Bryson,on THURSDAY the EIGHTEENTH
grade	ILKMENTARY.	K&T%%»f FEBRUARY, e,ghte„n hundred ami
1, Herhy Coughlin ; 2, Bertha Moran ; furnishings necessary or not.	ninety-seven, at TEN o’clock In the fore-
3, Lily Kemp ; 4, Maggie Farrell ; 5,	Also, tenders for a competent Secretary, to noon. Maid Writ returnable on the second
Allen Clarke ; 6, Willie Brownlee ; 7.	U,e day of March, eighteen hundred and ninety-
ÎBLWiVÆBr,'i 53“——	...
Maggie Murray ; 12, Edgar Clarke ; 13, The lowest or any tender not necessarily George Moore ; 14, Oliver Stevenson. accepted.
¦Junior French.-1, Willie Moore; 2,	a.b. smart,
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN,
beautifully illusrrnted, largest circulation of an? scientific journal, weekly, terms $3.00 a year; SI.50 six mouths. Hpectinm copies and HAND Book on Patents sent free. Address
MUNN & CO.,
361 Broadway. New York.
GRADE I MODEL
THE EQUITY,
SHAWVILLE.Q.
1, Harold Rimer ; 2, Irvine Brownlee ;
3,	Woleey Clarke : 4, George McLean , 6, Percy Coughlin ; l* Ada Clarke ; 7, Jae. McCuaig ; 8 Arthur Clarke ; 9, A mot McCuaig ; 10, Gordon Moorhead ; 11, Sarah Brownlee ; 12, Middleton Ardill ; 13. Blanche Clarke.
Intermediate French mer ; 2, Ada Clarke ; 3, James McCuaig ;
4,	A root McCuaig and Woleey Clarke ; 6; George McLean ; 6, Percy Coughlin ,
7,	Arthur Clarke and Gordon Moorhead ;
8,	Irvine Brownlee and Sarah Brownlee ;
9,	Blanche Clarke ; 10, Middleton Ar-
THE PERFECT TEA
P.S.—PANTS.
MONSOON
150)
t-
1, Harold Ri
south

Wanted for the
Clarendon Cheese & Balter Co,
t
TEA
The
Finest Tea In the World
FROM THE TEA PLANT TO THE TEA CUP
a
dill
IN ITS NATIVE PURITY
77';)
1
Monsoon " Tea is packed under the superv of 'he Tea growers, and is advertised and sold by them as a sample of the best qualities of Indian and Ceylon Teas. For that reason they see that none but the Very fresh leaves go into Monsoon packages.	I
That is why “ Monsoon.' the perfect Tea, can be sold at the same price as inferior tea.
It is put up in sealed caddies of % lb., : lb. and ana sold in three flavours at 40c., 50c. and 60c.
If your grocer does not keep it. tell him to write SffcEL. HÀYTER & CO., 11 and 13 Front St.
1 sum
3
t
r
SIMON McNALLY,
SheriTe Office,
Bryson, 7th December, 1896 [First published, 12ih December, 1896.1
5 «b»
Sheriff.
F res. C. A B. Co
Parkman, Jan. 4.1897,



i
###PAGE###6###
Transvaal raider*, were released fmm ! Work will he commenced early next Holloway gaol on Saturday, their term year on the canal that to to make Bius-af impr iso iiment having expired.	eel a a awqxirt.
The London Chronical on Monday con- It is stated t liât Spain is making atv tamed â long interview with Capt. tlve preparations for a possible war
f MB VERY LATEST FROM ALL THE I %%hich to l	h:%ttoh " A^Sl '£"rïU'r* Ïnntoh Minister
WORLD OVER.	I navy and it* luug .service aystem. cf Marine, denies that the Government
Tforec convicts who were returning is purchasing wnmhiite. on Wednesday at Lkirtmoor prison from The condition of the sugar cron in outside labor made a des; v rate at- the West Indies will 1*> enquired into
tctnpt to escape. ( ne was shot dead, by the English Government.	An interesting contrast between the
in't	hir'.t1 «w°nfftUa Umt *aptur<w1, Matters are tranquil in lîayti at tools and engines with which a modern
snd the third got off. ,	posent, but it Is stated that u revo-
Lari Russell's resilience at Maiden- lutioo is bound to come later.
«.GOtarte .oinuter, object tc |	*2	I	m« now elder!, werjoung. w»
It,r land ubjeola to the immigration	L^fcSÎï ^rtJ' lm‘	"°"‘V l°~	,Jro(u.‘'W| OU,‘n “ "‘“'T?
Into the town of any more Chinese. iH guilty of incendiarUm.	A motion will be introduced into the | cently by President John Frits at a
The penitentiary commission to in-	UNITED STATES	Chamber of l)enu
«.^arïSL.™. «rsE..
tvigo has failed.	South Africa to England to
Jfc cost Now ^ork $60,000 to dear dance on the auliWt of the away the snow fall last week.	raid.
Thomas Hall, a Hamilton moulder. . A .1,1,1 ^,prMwt aerial navigation Many lives have tieen lost by thecap-l way. first a# a mechanic, and then os v»!le, 8. C., in 18U1, occurred at on early
ecrz:::.r: Tis»SaasSSm &££*&•* ~ »	% «mm
rtiary, will leave for England to enter W0*	An explosion occurred in a confer- work* ,n world at HetJUehcin, 1 a., through a (rustle to a river 110 feet
political life.	The port of Boston has been opened tionery manufactory at Casino, in the ajid has acquired the complimentary below, ft is known that twenty lives
Mr. A. Person, of the C.P.K. bridge for /be export of Canadian and other Province of CaeerU. Italy, killing sev- title of "Dwin of the alvei trade.*’Dis were loyt# JUld a more complete search
lisa; a--—	=,HH EV "
use of the mails.	Tul*erculosis is reported to liitve in- ^ vtlt-an‘c 041 lon-	eer *°	thoee cm Uie train nine escaped death
feited every herd of cattle in the State The Czar has sent to King Menelek, "My memory of machine shops dates [>ut several of these will die of
s :	15^—'-
Mi» Frances Willard, President of father with the reserves, the Span- those days—two woollen mills, two card- Birmingham Mineral, a branch of the the W. C. T. U.. is seriously U1 at \sh Arni>r 18	capable of maintain- Lag mills, and several grist mills. At Louisville and Nawhville system. It
William Curran. am*am* ... ,rar “SSfUit 63 old.. Cri.,..» S™il rnZ. Z .7a". ,W ,ha W-	&£££%%,*? !£	“ —
ago eX lUgina to five years for arson, veteran, died lost week at Grand Ha- ritory in diapute between Great Britain mAC, ne	wm rf , Pnncip, re Llw «1*^7 circuit of the mining towns
has been released by Executive clem- pids, Michigan.	and Venezuela belongs to her, and P*LrM *or 8,1 mills of the neightxir- Ln that station of the country, and muet
Ny*_________________________—.Twenty-five cwvalrymen at West	that	she can establish her	claim	by	hood were generally made. My father.	Qf the persons on board were	minera
It to rumored that the C PR	are	I Point have been seriously poisoned by	documentary evidence.	toeing a millwright and mac hi nest, a«	and their lam idea tskirur sd van	tag# of
ESr‘8SKMlIsi ift zr,rv„xzz.%X z
This year nearly 91.000,000 bushels of on the verge of starvation.	| defend that port against a possible at- this shop, consequently, 1 spent all the jme	the tracks of the Southern
rrain passed through	the Soo canal. an	a serious race war to in progress at	Urk	fix>,u A forelgn enemy-	"P*1*® Line I could get off the farm, and	Railway Company, and it was	on the
increase of 36.000.000	compared	with	Mayfield. Kentucky, arising out of reo-j	^	Gallieni. the French	oomman- I U was a rare treat for me to get there. U7Ul mUts un (hls road froln
fiüeüss» 5S?iSi?»	bœ? EHEH/EEi
n. R-,.................. ^sea-.wsîts-rtc	fi“ -• - :	— X. ZLZrxxx"
mes	à»"”	“d -
mmion elections, as it is said the Do-	bridge lot 40 persons down into a	creek, ! Gen. Gomez and other	insurgentcbieto	ticed there were aliout the name num- charred liaud still grasping	the throt-
r ocher boJIot to not such a success as	w-ben two were killext and a number ! ar« willing to accept	automony for	ber	and charaixter of	lathes os in the I tie. To add to the horror of	the event,
*°.‘*. P.a ed'	, injured.	I Cuba.	mill shop, hut they were larger, and U* flames from the stoves in the
.^LiiLsler of Agriculture and Speaker Reed to of the opinion tbak The native rising on the Tarngis re- an<, (>f	waa ,, (i0iil»le-ender for th# I coacheM ignited the w reckage, and the
I rof. Robertson will attend Ontario the House of Représentâtivos w ill not i serve in BeCbuanaiand is developing	# .	•	,	.	. .	I entire mass was burned to the edge of
dairymen's conventions in Brockville,	pl8s the Cameron resolutions in	favor serious proportions. A	parley has been	PUf<>r Ikjrung out	wheels that were | the water. The only one of	the train
Mary's, and Brantford during Jan-	o/ Cuba.	refused. Fighting has	taken place and I	too	large to swing	over the shears, crew tliat escaped with his	life from
uary, and will deliver a taries of le<> !	^	^76 anniversary of the land- tb,‘ British forces have been obliged to There was aJao a drill press, made out ^ wr»sk was the colored fireman.
days quarantine on cattle and horses	presented to the Sultan of Turkey, snd iog of which you see in	full size over	A	rail	had	been	removed	from	the
w ill be utx)lif>hrd by both Canada and	\	Trouble exists between the president	the	Ambassadors	at Constantinople | my head."	track,	and	when	the engine struck	this
the United States and a rigid inspeo and employes of the Boston Street Rail- have been LnrusLed to act in unison The tools were laid side by side. The 3f»0 feet of the bridge gave way and turn at tee border substituted. > way company, which to liktvly to result It the Sultan refuses to comply, force older had a cutting part made of a Ixir went down with the train.
Hon. Sidney Fisher, interviewed on	a serious strike.	may	be employed.	of steel half an ino/i thick and three- The bridge	was	a	ponderous
leaving Washington, expressed hissât-	New Zealand has raised a	contribu- A special from Paris says it is	rug-	fourths of an inch deep, and this was	WOODEN	STRUCTURE
is fact ion at the arrangements made	tiou of $300 for "Harris,"	of Mrs.	geste d that Great Britain. France	ami	^ ,n 8 round luindle of wood. The
with Secretary Morton for a modifie»-	Stowe's "Uncle Tom s Cabin," who to	Italy offer their services in the Cuban	hant1,e *** perhaps 18 inches long by
tion of the cattle quarantine régula- at Lexington, Ky., destitute.	question, in order to prevent a conflict m(h an(1 8 ha,f in diameter, and
tlons with the United States.	The big Dupont	powder mills at Car- between Spain and the United States	I n^ir the ef?(J where the tool was	insert-
If the Dominion	Government	decide | negie's lViiut and	Gibbs town, N. J., are	and to terminate the revolt.	!	, wa* a ®^le. handle which was	clamp-
upon the enlargement of the St. Law- working night and day to fill Ôarge	-	-	°,n	***** !*	downward near
i	TT- ,	,	FAST CBUISEBS.	f,
of two steamers to the fleet of the	¦D\Ilfg}% on t¥°jAy* «Pfak‘.ng	--- ! °t{ ,k8r<*	f™* feet long four inches
Mr ». ». <W,„, Slonl real. wh.	ff fa— *“* “	*“	"	I SSSSSTAf Irl r‘â.’Sr.Sm.îS
the Nbrth-Wtft^savs thattheh-ls uLrar	TJï*' Trades and Labor	Council of	A	despatch from	Londos, says:-The I Works to cut up ingots	of steel into
will be resisted on	the part of	Can-	who was bitten by	a mad dug a monUx	their completion until the end	of No-	. tvmvitMVUts IDOL POSTS	it will reach 3.5.
a da.	ago in Baltimore,	and was afterwards	vemljer may be disregarded as	having	F1 wbiob tbe* four-foot-long tool	exhib-
. »iwu.<» u» a,„„- KKid „ ,!X"r„rS‘;.‘b,3;; -, —» es	j' « ass
lûtt fund in Oanado, has requested the phobia.	which marine engineers have been in- of the workman, and the lathe was pro-
«rhXrîf!5nth,x°iht} it?^	Secretary OIney and Sir John terested. It was said that the Admir- vidt*d with posts enough to have four- *1 «rrnsrii» Treincd i# Pirk oui Wound
###### ####
mëËEm mmmi
ing Sohmer's piano warehouse and the trial the ship was run for thirty hours	making drawings sixty years ago were	Aeneas,	has come to lie	regarded	as	the
New ^ ork Polyclinic Hospital, were at one-fifth of her power. In this trial	very different. The complete shop out-	modern	war	dug.	Though	the	blood-
SmSs	—f:'X : srrsr?
keeping & gam Wing house at 15 Mao	too good, and at this season of	the	sumption was	2.6 pounds per indicated	a jack plane with which to nr snare the	The training	a war dog receives	is
.!! c7'“nst‘1 iutnuat-	year we do not look for activity,	but	home-power.	The Powerful was next	surface of the l-erd for * fresh draw-	thorough	and	«anprehensive. It	ia
s.K.?hr.r.d	s; siyaxi çjssJSriMSt	r a t t u T"'
cases against	ten young men found in	among which the Hank of IUinois	has	the open sea,	the speed of the vessel	size, especially when unv motion was	oul /lrst	,be	simple process of sew-
bluxw s room	by the police were dis- j	been prominent, not only for its actual	was 20.6 knots, and calculations show-	ho tie worked out. and also mad»», when
missed.	I	commereia position (which was a good *d that the engines are capable of de-	it w/is possible, all the drawings of full
one), but for the financial institutions veloping 15,000 home-power at eennomi-	size, and this practice I am not ashamed
which are wrecked with it.	cal a peed.	to follow at tne '	tÊ !
In the final trial, which was carried many advantages, out on (November 27th, the ship left "The machine shop of to-dav to a Plymoutii in tto\ morning, and the en- marvel in completeness of equipments gines developed an average of 25.886 for doing work correctly and with rani-horse-ïRiwer for the requisite period of dity, having special small tools for all four hours, hor one-third of the dura- purposes. The accuracy with which tion of the trial the power developed their round gauges are fitted up is such exceeded 26,000 horse-power. The wind that a machinist of fifty years ago could was strong and the sea rough, the re- not possibly realize. Suppose that in suit lieing that the speed attained waa hie presence you had separated a one-only Zl.H knots; but it was estimated inch gauge and held the plug to warm that in tolerably smeoth water the ship in your hand for a few minutes, with-
would have steamed fully 22 1-2 knots	out calling hto attention to this, and	»	.	.	.	,
to the hour. The ship was fully down	then handed it to him with a request to	88 «entries. They	carry	burdens	large
on her load line during these trials,	put it in its place again. Fie would have	‘n proportion to	their size.	'I bey
and drew 28 feet aft. The machinery	thought there were witches about when	ru8y hitched to	wagons and	driven
is now being overhauled preparatory he found it would not go l*eck.	ike horses. In proportion to its vW
to final acceptance.	"The invention and construction of in- ue* *be do® very lit le
strum Mit» of precision and the met hods of calibration ami adjustment# which enable measurements to tw taken within the GO.OUOth part of an inch ; machines THE TOOLS OF TO-DAY COMPARED I whitnh enable the mchanio to fit taper
work with almost the ms me fadlity and accuracy as straight work, are a refinement of practice of which a mechanic Frits mm si a Meet- I of fifty years ago oouJd have bad no lag of Ike A me riras Society #f Me conception, rkwiilrnl Engineer*.
TALK ABOUT MACHINERY
f
WITH FIFTY YEARS AGO
«
IF km Prnl
¦tstitlng Items About Oar Owe Country, Ureet Britain, tbo United States, and All Parte of tbo tilobo.
AWFUL RAILWAY WRECK
mechanic executes his work and those
CANADA
which kre used only mo long ago PASSENGER TRAIN FALLS 110 FEET
INTO THE RIVER.
Sunday funerals.
Fwewly People killed anil Several I ajar ed -The «f ork of *obbere-Tke «tara Karwvd,
tie» at
Home aym- meeting of the American Society of Me Cuban insurgents
chan i cal IKngineers. well qualifie»! to treat much a subject for he iwgan work in a country shop gays:—The moat horrible train-wreck in aixty yearn ago, and making his own 1 the south since the famous one at States-
Mr. Frits wsa
A despatch from Birmingham, AJe.,
Muiere near Rat Portage recently mobbed a surveyor sent out to survey land.
ive cvi-ameson
g,

was
Of
serious
Mary Matuska, aged three, was burned to death in Brandon on Monday, during the absence of her parents.
The building permits insuvd in Ham-on during the year amounted to
occur-
The tram was # local on the
ilton during _
•414,455, an increase of 1117,385 over the previous year.

and was badly frost-bitten
The




6t
with an iron span of 200 feet in the rentre, and just at the beginning of the iron work train wreckers had (>ulleii the spikes and removed one of ¦¦¦¦MH When the engineer discovered this, as was evident from the positi<*i of his throttle and reverse lever, he immediately attempted io stop, but was running at such a rate <>/ speed as to carry down the bridge. Every evidence snowed that tram's n. kera had leen at work as the n Louisville
the rails
As soon ew.s was received both the ¦ & Nashville and Southern
X
GERMANY’S DOGS OF WAR
The Toronto, Hamilton & Buffalo Railway Company is applying to Parliament for an act to authorize the issue of debentures and preferred stock, to change the headquarters from Toronto to Hamilton, and to sanction the agreement with the C. P. R.

ing anise seeds in every officer's coat The dog is supposed to travel dead and wounded on a field of battle and seek out the fallen officer, and, picking up a glove, can, of his Ureas, hurry with balance surgeon, and then lead the surgeon to the man. Not only that, but i he living are distinguished from the dead by the dogs, so that no time may be lost. Certain dogs are used to discover the officers, while others for all alike. The dogs ¦¦ taught to distinguish the friend».
The dogs bear the marches better than the men. They nerve admirably
over the
GREAT BRITAIN.
Tom Mann has tried to start another dock strike in England.
present time, as it has
or other part it to the am-
GENERAL.
Signor Cris pi's daughter has sloped with one of her servants.
Spain taxes English and South African visitors to the Canaries
The Sultan hda granted amnesty to 2,000 Armenians convicted of crime.
It is said that nearly all educated CuImtos sympathize with the insurgents,
Jamaica is trying trade from New Y
Berlin police raided a number of Anarchists* lodging-houses and made several arrests.
Lo Feng Lun, the new Chinese Ambassador to England, is very popular in London.
The Hon. George Edwin King has been gazetted British Commissioner for the Behring Sea arbitration.
It is stated in London that the proposal that the Imperial army should h* recruited from the colonies is coldly
received.
are used are furtbei enemy from
to transfer its fruit ork to the London
WKÊ St. James Gazette says the Queen will personally dictate and revise a biography of her Majesty which will appear in Î897.
White and Col. Grey, two of the
Tito
:



###PAGE###7###
ter mil other medicines have failed, thus establiehlng the rlalm that they are a marvel ambng ilia triumph* of modern medical science. The genuine Pink Pills are sold only in boxes, I«earing the full trade mark, "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills far Pale People.-yourself frntn imposition by refusing any pill thaJt doeg runt beer the registered trade mark around the box.
»
IS SAID TO BE ISO YEARS
mmmmummmwm
v

%
REV.
MIGUEL VEJAR THE OLDEST MAN
IN AMERICA.
Protect
Will Cure a
I
T. EE WITT TALMAGE
-	, when ordinary spécifiai
Stubborn Cough fail. It restores strength
to the weakened organs and gives the system the force needed to throw off the disease.
tnc. end $1 no at all drugglata.
1
Wat NufVrred Hardships Prank Many a Wallon of Whiskey, Hmokrd Cigarettes, Violated All llir laws of Hygiene. and Vet Live* Is Be Probably the Oldest Man In the World.
I
f
F
ACCIDENTS WILL HAPPEN
But Tills Time it Was a God-Send to Mr. John Brown, a G A R. Veteran, of 2446 Marshall St., Philadelphia—
Dodged Shot and Shell in the Interest of Ilia Country. Only to be Attacked by That Insidious Disease, ( at-arrh—But Dr. Agnew s Catarrhal Powder Cured and Permanently, too —This is What He Says:—
"By a mere accident I came across Dr. Agnews Catarrhal Powder. I was!
a grenat sufferer from that dread mal- Dr Agnew’s Ointment will cure all ! ady—catarrh. To-day it gives me un- caJ>M itching pUee in from thre*-I liounded pleasure to state for suffer- 6[x nights. One application bring*» humanity's sake that this won-	For blind and bleeding piles
derful remedy effected a speedy and . lt ^	Also curee tetter, sail
permanent cure in rnv case, and } , rheum, eczema, barbers’ itch, and all have been so thankful for it that I I eruptions of the skin. Relieves in a am willing to spend the remainder ^	35 cent»,
of my days	spreading the good'
to my fellow sufferers
The oldest living person in the United States is a half-breed Indian, Miguel Vejar, who lives in the valley of the San Jacinto, in Riverside County, Southern California. He is one hundred
in 1891 Chief
In one of his wonderful sermons g very truthfully said, " My brother, j| your trouble is not with the heart ; e it is a gastric disorder or a rebel- F bous liver. It is not sin that blots p out your hope of heaven, but bile § that not only yellows your eyeballs and furs your tongue and makes your head ache but swoops 2 upon your soul in dejection and forebodings,"—and
Talmage is right ! All this trouble can be removed ! You can be cured !
How? By using
LIES MY WIFE TO USE
WONDERFUL
;;
and thirty years old Urlmza died on the tribal reservation near Ran Diego, aged one hundred and twenty-seven years. Miguel Vejar was I*)i"n in Northern Mexico at about 1760.
Ilia wonderful ago is verified by the records that were carefully kept until 1831 by the priests in the Franciscan Missions of Southern California 1881 they were transferred to the Cathedral of Ran Luis Roy, in the City of
Among the San Diego reo-
61
SALADA
:
PUee Cured In 8 to 6 Nights— ftr.hinu Burning Skin Diseases Relieved In
One Day.
O
Hub set Mixed
ing
In
Young men and women now In attendance at
¦
«
Mexico
ords of the Indians is the statement, dated August », 1788, that "Miguel Vejar, a Mexican Indian, rather intelligent, of good habits and very industrious,aged twenty-two," was a vaquero of the mission herds there is an entry of the birth of a female child to Miguel Vejar, aged twenty-five, and bis aged twenty-four.
The records of the Ran Gabriel Minin the cathedral in the City
4»
news
Mr. Selous, the African traveler and explorer, ties some idea of visiting the Rocky Mountains
a
me uire
:
TORONTO Oerrard and Yonge dim*
DEAFNESS OANNOT CURED
Iskteel and b*stoour*#« of Busluee» Tr>Vui»g If<>at thorough and complete faolllti-a fa# bhorthand and Typewriting are found in this
it* aaalsted to aoultioos, W. H. SHAWT
VVc can give you incontrovertible proof from men and women, former sufferers,
by local application* a* they cannot reach the d sealed portion of the ear. There la only one »ar to cur* dyafneae. and that ii by conatltut-l nnl reme 11»* Deaf ee*1* cauaed by an Inflamed condition of the mo :uu* lining of the Ena- _ tathian Tube. When lhi> tube Is inflamed >ou I havo a rumbling Hound or Imperfect hearing, and when Ilia entirely oloaed.D. afnew 1» the result. and unleae the inflammation can be taken out and tills tube re* ored to It* normal condition, hear ng will be d atroyed forever: nine oaae* out of ten are eaueed by ca'errh. which le noth ng but an Inflamed condition of the
™We**m	One Hundred Dollar* for any
11 ease of Heafnea* (caua d by catarrh) l^at cannot be co cd by Hall e Catarrh Cure Send fur
elmulara. fiee. } CHKNÏÏ fc c0„ Toledo. 0. STSold by DrugglaU, 76c.
If.P.C *48
College. Hiuden Get particular*. /
Monthly Cornpetltie» Commencing 1897, and CooUantd during the y
But to-day well, and stay so.
There is no doubt of this. Twenty years experience proves our words true.
, Write to-day for free treatment blank. ¦ W artier's Safo Cure Co., llooheater, N. Y.
émmmmmmmmmmm
In March, 1791,
Di not longer pu toff inquiring thoroughly lot# the advantage* of the Band over Circular o# Gang. They are many and great, and mean g handsome profit where Circular there I# little or none.
We build the New Alll*" Band and every» thing needed In a modern saw mllL
Write us to-day.
BAND
SAW
MILLS
IN BICYCLES «•WITCHES
GIVEN FREE EACH MONTH
Sunlight
»... Wrappers
$1,625
:
wife Lugardo,
with
•111»
I'M
non, now
of Mexico, show that Miguel Vejar, "son of

A TEACHER'S STOGY.
MEXICAN AND INDIAN parentage *nil aged thirty-three veara,”
waa Iwvtiied in the lateeion by Father TnE HRALTH OF THOSE IN THE
puoTr=riLï jsmz siasw^ ‘
few years ago tJuvt he rexuembered	-	AS FOLLOW™ •
Miguel Vejar in 1*44. and tta*t U» man Thoe w Crofer. Late Vrincipsl of the	HEART PAIN.	10 First Mill, 1100 Sturm' BlefClc.l 1,000
saw. Many^people remember when	Albertan High School, Given Some	^ Agnew’s Cure for the Hfeart Defies	/5 SlCOfld	$?S Bold Wltoh . , , 626
Miguel panned his one hundredth birth-	Valuable Advice ta His Former Co-	the Most Intense Pains—No Matter	Qlgsplgg g|f lltohll glfll lioh month 1,626
day. When President Harrison was	laborers in the Sendentry Teaching	How Long Standing the Trouble, it	 12
brought" ir^'hia Miserable îîd h<mw Prolession.	of John Crow, Fire, Dot- f0t*| given dur'g/ear '97, $19,500
in San Jacinto Valley ami presented to	--•	ties Cured Heart Disease of Ten Years	»	D#	i--=3
Gen. Harrison as the oldest man in the	Mr ybos. Crofer, late principal of	Standing—Here's His Testimony un-	W TO	For r»l« ««Hüll p.rueoUra
MIüw*1 wu ahie to speak a little brok-	tbnwîgh^^ewirtence'Ihat wiU	“hn Crow, son of Mr. George Crow,	OBTAIN	jüL,t*.‘”<l‘7 t*‘U*' *
English and told a few la* ts in the prove interesting to thousands of oth- farmer, near the village of	9®^ THEM	lcvtD none
story of his life. Since then his me in- vra engage(i in the Leaching profession writes: "I was alarmingly afflicted	to LtYEH BROS,, IT*.,
ory of English words has completely throughout the country, more especial- with palpitation and enlargement of the tailed, and when be now speaks at all . those whose health has lieen impair- heart for nearly ten years. I doctored it ia in a mixture of Spanish and	Vo-	^ b	overwork in crow ded and	often	with the best physicians and tried
hiJla Indian dialect.	. , .	.	badly	ventilated schools. " Three	years	erous	remedies with very little benefit.
Miguei Vejar has been married twice. a .» sdya Mr. Crofer, "1 assumed In our local papers I noticed Dr. Ag-
His first wife was killed in an earth- cbar	the high school at Alber- new a Cure for the Heart advertised,	^	^
children, none of whom now lives. His ruaign on account of ill health. When to-day that I am as welI as ever I wasi	Jr. J. ELLIOTT,
last child died, aged ninety, in	aan , |	work, however, I was in ex-	I am	completely cured|mhbbmw |
Juan. He has a dozen more grandchild-	cejlelit health, and although 1	was
ren scattered among the half-breed in- never very fleshy, I was quite muscu-dlan trilies in Southern California and laf anb athletic. I was a great lover Mexico, but he	of out-door exercise	and	spur is, and was
KNOWS NONE OF	THEM	an enthusiast	over	the	game of foot-
and has no recollection even of	their	ball. Anyone	who	has	ever beheld a
names There can tw no	doubt he	has	genuine game	of	oid	Rugby _ will
a-tWKfiarr» satf i
Murucl Vein* closely to find the secret dergoing almost any amount of hard of his extraordinary long life. He has lulor. During the two years of myser-suffered hardships among the moun- vice I labored very hard m bringing tains and on the burning deserts, like my pupils to a high stale of proficiency, other strong men who died years and for 1 wished to have the school in as years ago. He drank many a gallon prosperous condition as possible under of fire-water in his day and, along , my management. Besides the close with other red-skinned young bucks, confinement in the school room dur-puinted the tril»l pueblo a deep car- ing the day, I generally studied uni mine many nights. He was a smoker twelve at night, m order to be well u« cigarettes (not the white mans prepared for entering on a college kind) for alout a century, or until he course when my teaching days would got too old to roll them himself and be over. The people at the hotel to rustle for his favorite variety of the where I boarded used to warn me we*»d He his violated all the canons of against over-taxing my strength, but hvgiene from his earliest days, for it 1 disregarded their kind advice, lois doubtful if he his ever had a gen- •wards the end of my second year, how-liath and he has not washed his ever, 1 began to feel the effects of my for a generation or more.	double work 1 had imposed upon my-
self. My eyesight began to fail rapidly, and it was nut long until I had to consult an eminent oculist, who or-That to remove corns, warts, bunions in dared for me a pair of specially ground a few days all that is required is to glasses. He attributed the failure of apply the oid and well-tested corn cure my eyesight to excessive night read-—Putnara's Corn Extractor. Sure, safe. jng, and forbade me to read any more pain1,**. Putnam's Corn Extractor by lamplight. But the weakness of my makes no sore spots hard to heal, acts eyes was not all. Insomnia attacked quickly and painlessly on hard and mB and 1 waa unable to sleep ^t night soft corns.	and used to toss about on my tied
until morning without getting the slightest degree of rest.
When l rose in the morning it may be readily imagined I was in no fit condition to begin my daily work. My "I HAVE HAD	appetite was so poor that often l was
iS***
on earth were numbered, the country to hive myself some chance to recruit, and at the urgent advice of a friend I- began using Dr. Williams' Pink Pills L, remained on my brother’s farm for a whole year, during w hich time I used the Pink towards the end, however, only taking them at intervals. L had not been taking the Pink Pills long before 1 began to experience benefit from their use, and from the day I first felt benefit 1 steadily progressed towards recovery. I was able to take sound, refreshing bleep, my appetite became excellent and my weight increased so much that friends whom I had not seen for same time scarcely recognized me at first sight. I am completely restored physically, and I can take heavy lifts or engage in any kind of hard work without feeling the least
, and this improved condition of affairs I owe to the excellence of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. My eyesight is also gradually returning and I hope ere long to be able to discard my glasses. My story, which I fear ha»< been somewhat tedious, shows how many young men and many young women also have their health shattered by sticking closely to the teaching profession.
However there is an effective remedy within the reach of all. This remedy which I have such pleasure in recommending is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.
_Williams’ Pink Pills create new
blood, build up the nerves, and thus drive disease from the system. fn hundreds of cases they have cured af-
WATEROU8» Brantford. Can,
FOR
THS
SMUGGLER
qold Minme a*d mills*e <xl,«ltd.
yelly raid er fharee, self *•«•	la
Weeks
This l" s developed claim, with shaft 110 f
as SSS-Ï
Maurer. S«o>. « VtolorU Street, Toroote, tor Prospectus
~ FOB TWKNTT-flrX YBAR8.
DUNNS
BAKING
POWDER
ed

1



en
num-
THECOOK'S BEST FRIENB
Principal
LARGEST SALE IN CANADA
à
, The 1
Ingredient
Re etches
i Chronic j
L Disease W

'i
r


'Truths Tbld by
Willing Tongues of Won de vs Worked
of



nine person
by
DON'T FORGET
1
k
4

t

!
I
I

/
!
f Pure Blood is the ,, Source of all Vital Energy
i'l
i
Mayor Hougtoton. of North Adams, Mass., has given his $1,000 salary to the local hospital.
!
!,
I
i

vl
1

I

Ml
vm
Spinal Disease and Hemorrhage of the	DISEASE. RHEUMATISM.
trating and pain Nerviline—the great nerve pain cure
Kidneys Cured
Montreal, August 13, 1896.	Ottawa, August 7th, 1896.
Mv wife, Mrs. Thomas Bird, suffered for I cannot find words to express my gratfc Mr. F. A. Gendron, lumber measurer, B jon|. time with kidney trouble, which Inde for the services Kootenay Cure ha# well known in this city and at Hull, and flnauy became so aggravated and painful done me. I had b en treated by the oes# who has suffered for the last two years that she was com pel led to enter the hoe- physicians in Ottawa for Rheumatism, bul from a naiuful malady reputed to be incur- pit*l. Her case was pronounced by the they told me that my case was eo compliable, has recovered in a marvellous manner physicians who examined her to be Bright's cafced, my trouble having originated from during the past month. Many celebrated disease of the Kidneys, and after a long La Grippe, that any relief they could give doctors had treated the patient, and one	0f treatment she was discharged would only be temporary. J i«t at tùij
after another had abandoned the case in fr0m the hospital as incurable and informed time I heard of Kootenay ( are. i naa despair. Mr. Gendron suffered from a ter- *bat ehe had only a few years to live. While very little hope of re ief at first, the Rheu-rible malady of the kidneys which had m&king arrangements for sending her to matism having settled in my muscles and brought on locomotor ataxia—really a soft- England I was persuaded to give her your almost destroyed my nerves. However, I ening of the spinal marrow. Lying helpless me(Hcine, Kootenay Cure. After taking the determined to try once more and began 10 upon a bed of sickness, hie case seemed to xnedicina for a time, she began to improve take the medicine, and in my case, pnye^ be really incurable. Indeed, those who Bn(j bas since continued to do so. At the cally speaking, old things ‘,;ive parsed looked upon him in that state believed him preeen* writing both she and I are satisfied away and all thin * have become new. I to beat the end of his life, and it was with [bat she is cured, and that Kootenay has can go anywhere, unaided. My nerves art difficulty that they could believe their eyes heeQ the means of saving her life. She as strong as ever they were in my life and yesterday when they saw him walking now has a good appetite, sleeps well, has a no change in the atmosphere has any etieoi around to our office. To what is to be at-	and her kidneys are working on me now. I cannot thank you enough,
Iributed this cure? Mr. Gendron states 11 ^th regularity. No one who knew her ter* but write this so t.'.ut jome other -<u erei himself in the following affidavit, deposed ^bls condition last winter oould realize may read it and seek relief \ ou can refee and sworn before a notary.—L# (7«noda, fc^ay that she is the same person, such a anv person to me at my residence,
-Z: su. »susses sasesjst stjst
I declare solemnly that, after having dsrful medicine, I remain,	in my po* or.
suffered more than two years from oompli-	Yours gratefully,
cated malady of the kidneys, which rad need	Thomas H Bud
«5	«—'•—
new remedy called “Kootenay Cure.’
recommend this medicine to the attention	__
of all, especially i those who are suffering on receipt of price, $1.60 per bottle, by addressing S. 8. Ryckmsn Medl«
from (Ummm of t.i« kidney,.	olne Co„ Hamilton, Ont. Sand for "Chart Book." mailed free.
1 went to
Carried from Hie Chair to Him Bed for Bighteee
Month*.
the reason of it.
flow did you happen to call
W» »m.d
this
Pills,
°But I don't quite understand. Simple enough. Du le waa red-headed
Æ& Many f CZ\% Women
No. 4
DONT BELIEVE
YOU DO BEL1EV1
that you are weak a*d
UL
DO YOU KNOW easily re-
gain health, strength
(smround
“ïMirss: sîï"°"°
aed vigor?
Yours gratefully,
Mbs. Thomas A- ?»!¦• 199 Albert 81., Otta
• 4»; # 4
me
•oSMi&pU, fro. ta. URorOor,
1 |f not obtainable of your dealer will be forwarded, chargee prepaid#
Dr
F. A. Osndbo*.



/

A

###PAGE###8###


* #
Dec. 20th.
VolCBliiv wnvo.
jasAawre.ïS.ï
tvwn ftt McGuire'» Grocery*
London House,
Shawville and Ottawa.
CHEAP SALE OF MEN’S & BOY S CLOTHING
OVERCOATS, PEA COATS, ETC.
DRESS GOODS.
/
on

W;t
Clarendon’s Valuation.

8
z;/
//'
* s
%.
Editor Egvn v.
h
Coünîy	X
’in OUro.ul.-n I en „o expired in a
not allow it to pass without pretext.	Mrs j„hn Armstrong, of Mnrohhurst,
,, il-SSfiil HieiSI
...	g
.... 4 to 10c- body they would toll you that the good
, OWNERS and occupante of the ua mU(!h jf it #hnUld come under the hammer i„g a piece of land adjoining the prv < «
* Mi las?
mmmmm
,	%y"niuch\f there is a range in the mu After examination of the ground by th°
J S It is well known fact there nic7Pa!i.y that would bnng 8U60 Per“ “X It.e3 Mr.
|| is nothing contributes SO much acre. ^ I wouia to the C„unty O-un Shaw's offer and terms for the above piece
clothes- ..	, r
jtAÏJS	32S^==iS
-«as % arse ru»
merits of the season and trusting I have Carried, not taken up too much of yur valuable Meeting adjourned, space, Yours,-	Ratepayer. John Young,
*	President.



'PH
;
bSKSSS:
train one day last week, w»* n\ i iu >
OOW catcher and hurled about an acre away.
few moment» after* u-U.
%
diW-::-'
l
1

®VXL ? Æür/À
:<r


/r
;

w
Dr. If. F. MrrrilL
y
I
*3 50 Si .50
$ii.00
i
No Other Medicine
Frieze Overcoat»,......
Frieze Overcoat»,......
Frieze Overcoats,......
Men's Men's
Men's
Men’s Serge Suit?,.....
Men’s Tweed Suit?,.....
Men’» Special Tweed Suite,	_
Boots and Shoos at Low Prices.

10c.
Dress Goods for----
Dress Goods for....
$1 95 Dress Tweeds for---
Dress Tweeds for... •
• •see
• • e • •

• • • •
SO THOROUGH AS
Agricultural Society, l^o. 1.
• •Il
.. 13.95
$4.95 Gmghame from
Flannelettes from
Sarsa-
parilla
AYERS
Statement of a Well Known Doctor
" No other Hood medicine that I have ever used, and 1 have tried them all. Is so thorough In Us avllon. and vITvcts so many iMM Uianisiit cures as Ayer's Sarsaparilla."— l>r. Il F. Mr. Hit ILL, Augusta, Me.
""C
must be sold before the end of
Stock taking and all ends
this month.
Ayei'si^ Sarsaparilla
T' WM.dSsllkwVILLF. STORE.

Admitted at the World's Fair.
Ayer's rills for liver and bowel**
Trespass Notice.

°businèss


ill K underwlgi «k! hereby caution? all persons from tmtpassi g In any way on 8. W half of l.ol No. non the third range of Thor no without first obtaining bis permis-

1
Cf
m


M

Oïl.
MICHAEL T0011EY’

îvc. a;, i son.
Thorne Centre, Dec. 30, 1890.
{&¦
NOTICE
SI IAW VILLE

Nil



V »
H K
T
ri
L>V"
x_*
¦ *+zP


best; vur rat» s. most reasonable.
\ rite for new catalogue, cri pi ton of courses, met hot.« RKDUCKD KATKA.
received, being n* to sell for
Bl l ERS H P Til
giving full <V‘; <»f teaching nn«l
lin
Clarendon, lvc. 12, 1*96
LOXG HEADS


and sharp eye# do not want to buy at long prices, so we open up for Christinas Trade with a ful’stock of Good Goods at prices that can't be beat, even In the city.

JOHN KEITH, Principal,
us to I5tj Bank|st>, Ottawa
I

1
o
Arthur Smilev,


filled
All departments well with New Goods, such as .
Bedroom Suites, Parlour Suites, Extension Tables. Sideboards,
Easy Chairs,
Dining Room Chairs, Kitchen Chairs, etc.

I'udrrtnktT, Enibalmer and
Fuite rul Director
SMAWVILLB ¦ -
<|IE.
-----:o:
receive Personal Attew-
SATlHKAillON Ol’ARANTKKI».
Telephone No. 8.
All orver> wili
TION AND
f



WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY every time.
Berry Christmas and Happy New
Year to All.
s

i;
¦r'
o—


>
J. McARTHUR.
C. FRAME
Shawville.
etc. etc.

En. Graham, Sec.-Trcas.
G. M. Donaldson’» old stand.
5
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
Prices Moderate.
-Main St.
Polities in Upper Pontiac.
îïhe “Emperor Perfection' Furnacex
for wood only
For some time past wo have noticed in | »
the columns of the Pembroke papers
from residents of

- Shawville.

I SPECIALTY
>’(
' I
BEPA
i 14 4
Death of Prominent Persons.
sundry communications
Sheen, in which matters of a semi politic- t>
:il character, constitute the chief topic of ^
The latest, which we repro o
the pen of Mr. Mich- 1 & r'Tjj
?
!
a hot irmci
There is no longer any doubt nlxmt o r furnace being theses* house » 538 for town or country. The question i
Jl iS which furnace to buy. In the
Mon». Edward Charles Fabre, Arch bishop of Montreal, who has been ill f«»r discussion.
usiderable time past, died at his pal duce below, is from _
Wednesday evening last, lie was aei Hayes, mayor of Sheen, and shows * rly 70 years of age.	that that gentleman is fully competent of g 3
.raS'Ct %r: $523 5££ h.L,.'lurr.ir-‘ |	|
Monday aged 07 years.	To the Editor of Vie Standard.	>
H.m Thos. McGreevy died at Quebec Dear Sir, -With your kind permission I J " Saturday afternoon after a long and ; beg to refer to a communication w ich ^ painful illness. Ho was in the 70th year appeared in last week’s Standard, over the ^
!,f hi8 ace. With the exception of three signature of “Buckshot. He states that * sessions, the late Mr. McGreevy re pres 1 have recently been in Quebec on official * ted Quebec West in the House of Com* business; that there is a rumor m the £ mous from 1807 to 1801. He was also iower end of this county that Mr. McLean |
a Legislative Councillor for this Province contemplates withdrawing from being the ~
from 1807 to 1874.	Conservative candidate in the provincial >
election now &| pi aching and t liât 1 am ^ said to be the person spoken of who is to | take the field in hia room and stead.
1 brand the above statements as erroneous and misleading. They have been manufactured for a special purpose. That party from this locality who, as it were, lately returned from the lower part of this county, and circulated the rumour of the retirement of Mr. McLean, has no exist-whatever—he is a mere creation of
Mr. McLean is the
For a Shave or Haircut
«S3

*—r

> ot
7 s

a co ace on

rfi»»

1 "EMPEROR PERFECTION ?
taii	--—¦¦¦¦  ----V
nea

Cnil at the
11


d ?
, WC offer you a furnace that h unsnrj in all the essential points that go t » n
“x2S!3 a thoroughly first class beau r. ySgî structcd on scientific priucij vs, is simp e, -VjSlSR durable, very easily operated and will lwat ^ SflgJ every room and comer of a house.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
want a Coal burning heater sec ou	w
Warm Air Generator £
>n
W VJu7«
7.1
: t
Hair Dressing Parlor
fs?
: ]£Kr| .
?
It
cm
an
.

i
?
173
; O. F. HODGINS’ STORE, )

( OPPOSITE
m
Tf von

PROP
SILAS YOUPC

r '*
Kelsey
l
l foie plating your order.
*	. w
TMÏ JtMïi 6H»9T Wfft Gf»
**<'*C0***$*4f **<****< + *+*

:

i
Public Notice.
» lTD ,	- CaOCKVIllt. ONT. 4»
It******'} A** ***************
Suspected Murder.

Province of Q.ueb* c.
Municipality of Clarendon.
cluai'n'' SrSli strong Suspicion that
*‘*bt hUmMd5^El5)N. Hee.-Trea*.	two‘‘Æ % Zn *LZ
1 away by a neighbor named Bancroft,
, The main door to the barn was found , . locked from the outside, and the remains
BIS
C^For part1*5?•*¦**•*rdln« Um>Da ln> v e ,*aprIJ I the murder, "locked the door and went
THOS. PBEND1	[^Thefire warn discovered shortly after
eix o’clock by the servant girl in Allard s _	¦	¦ I _ who esn tbh* house on the other # de of the road.
iSMwsSSS a551':!l—
SVTôîlïï'otilh.^Udh.rrot.oa? w«»&d.
L'Orignal, Ont , December 29.—Coron-Lawler, of Hawkesbury, held an in-

SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
the
P
on
McCredie 8t Hedging, - - Proprietors.
ence**|
“Buckshot’s’’ brain.
Cuiiseivative candidate for this county and will remain as such, with every pros* pect of success, notwithstanding “Buck-ahot'a’* subtle efforts to shelve him and to	#
farther create suspicion and nifttnist | Mouldings, Blindé,
where confidence and good-will exist. ^
I would not notice “Buckshots fables only that he places mo in an awkj ward light under which 1 do not wish to
remain. 1 wish it to be understood that 1 |	manufactured.
do not mean to prevent “Buckshot ” from airing his knowledge or parading his learn-print, so long as he confines himself to pleasing facts, and may, as far as I am concerned, indulge in the fabulous, so lo„g as he does not resort to personalities; but I protest against being made the subject of his artful misrepresentations.
Yours respectfully,
All kind* of Plaining and Matching executed.
Sashes, Doors,
For Sale or to Rent.
ÜH»
etc., etc.,


O
mg m
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
to
Dec. 3,
Telephone communication.
lumber always on hand.
Robt. McCredie.
M. Hayes.
R.fcG. Hod gins.
Sheenboro, 28th Dec., 18%.
\

L	1


L








