###PAGE###1###
"mm
i


?
No. 2.3—19tü Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUI
THURSDAY, NO Y. ‘Jy, 1901
¦ COO a Yeah in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
16 f'aMnets at_ regular rloaen rate now i .11 X mav

he dathy
n
JI«»d Office : . > .. f'npfLai lubeerlM uipiUl psli up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........•1,904,900
........... 1,903,040
...........1.600.40u,
II, iMfetoN, Photographer
new
t K
it and Smith’ll
Ready-to-Wear Clothing.
OP CANADA.
Tati one cook and one box stove lift at Smart and Smith's. A bargain in either for anyone who wants a stu >-«¦¦¦
G
rr
or open
>ur orders earl)
Only M left - Men's Over coat-, will l>e Mold under cost to clean out
At The Palace Grocery.
* elegant grizzly bearskin robes at rind Smith's catch the eye of the dn f he stylish rig, and he buys, of and completes the outfit. Sec them before they are all picked up.
I ..... M Jîight feet long and not maple creams, brow n dots, nuts, couver-less than hve inches at top end.	] eatlon Ac., Ac., at lowest prices at
Tin Palace Grocery.
Kl)
Reel

J I. IMIbON
Board of Director» :
Charles Maueb. Esq., President. George Hay, esq..Vice-President.
Boh.tieo. liRveoM, Js.	Johh Mathkr, B*g.
?lu; Fham*. Bug , David MacLarsn, Eag.
Dennis Mürput, Êsg.
fllOROEBURN D. M. FINN!8
On kf
CAPITAL
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Coupon and Local Tickets-to nil parts of the world. All Information cheerfully given. J. R. Tikmnky, Railway and Tick et Agent, Arnprior. Ont.
Th
Smait
man w course
100 Barrels Apples—Ruase ta, Greenings Ben Davis, Baldwins, Talman Sweets Canada Reds, Scarlet Pippins, Spies.
Head Office, • Montreal,
General Manager. .. .* Manager,
A HL 8.
Branche* :
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
KemptflUe,
MaUsva,
Ottawa, do
do BaiikBt; Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, Smith s Falls
IR MANITOBA :
* Portage La Prairie,
IN QUEBEC i Hull,
Bhawlnigan Falls.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank: Agents in London, *ng.—Parr's Bank Lt’d,
We have had gratifying success with Ladies’ Jackets this season. Our stock is still quite well assorted, having lately ceived a third consignment. Every ment we offer is the best of its kind, made of first-class material, in latest style and finished by skilled workmen. We keep none of the foreign slop work, and you don't have to make over our Coats. They are all ready-to-wear.
our
8HAWVILLB BRANCH,
Alexandria,
Art) prior,
Avonmore,
Drawbridge,
Carleton
Lanark,
Parry Bound, Pembroke,
Money loaned on approved security at 1st next
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parte of the world
R*t Portage, Winchester,
re-
P. Dumas
Place,
Hswhesbury,
gar-
À large number of hogs for Mr. Sullivan, were brought into town on Monday.
PERSONAL.
* ***	Mr. Wm. Dagg has removed from
• -W&'aLrtSMT
ly of Aylmer, died on Friday last, after __	_ _	_
several month’s illness.	. Mrs. J. G. Butterworth, of Ottawa,
has been here for several days, at the
_________	It would seem that King Winter had bedside of her mother, Mrs. Shaw, whose
3.EHBS
S,a=i":BCSSE= EHrS-'K-sc-=|fm men-
will find the taak almost impotsible.	1	"""" *
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amoonts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
OFFicrn Hour*
Saturdays .
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Montreal,
Lachute
10 A M TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Dried Fruits.—all aew stock—Ranine,	_	,	..
currants, figs, dates, prunes, all kinds of	Spotwood, of W estmeath, was
pickles and shelled nuts, at	recently killed by a train at Webb-
The Palace Grocery. I wood.
Pontiac Pacific J. Railway
Rev. Manly Benson, D. D. late of
•n . ,	____WUm _	.	, Dominion Methodist Church, Ottawa,
rhe Advance reports that Mrs. rite- The annual Xmas tree in connection wiH deliver his celebrated lecture The above Company will inaugurate * Wl * °v t , f ”r* *itigerald with St. Paul’s S. School will beheld in “ men wanted " In the Methodist church their through line service to Ottawa and is ill from typhoid fever.	Elliott's hall on Monday night, Decern- on Friday evening, 29th inet. A rare Hull on Dec. 2nd, 1901. There has
Thursday of this week being Thanks- ^rd.	treat is in store for the Shvwville people toen * general reduction in freight rates
giving day, the .tore. »nd bueinrn pUcea A Christmas entertainment will be M Dr: Beneon m one of the met popular t* meet the requirement aof the County hi this town will be cloeed. . given in the Orange Hall, North Claren- P^achera “d lecturer of the Canadian of Pontiac We are prepared to give
h—"7	EHEFElÉ
of Fancy Goods, including Picture Books, performers on this occaHton are The Bells, nephew, Herbert Metcalf, who is serving
W. T. Earl’s.	a travelling company of considerable re* with Lord Methuen in South Africa. The
nown. See ad. on this page.	| paper is a 12 x 18 page folio and is issued
The citizens of Portage du Port will I	nl I	^haw ville, Nov. 22, 1901.
roney, Lower Litchfield, on Wednesday tender a complimentary banquet to Hun. ,	. ^ ,	tk	Open thy mouth for the dumb.
f^sniur1" “p“““	E' r
Lawrence Brennan a 13-year old boy w,y Ireland, on Thureday laet. Whether k16 "«gro George W.lliam^ .tole a bicy- (the 20th.) The sight w« enough Some of Sheen, while working at a threshing 0r not the Colonel will take hia seat in cle °" «“nday night the 17th mat, for the of them were trembling with loss of
tfiRALVSKS “ K61T-u ¦—w =KJISTSVM	ütffAï.ïï
sides having it badly lacerated. He was	young man named Grant at Bristol Cor- warm blood still dropping. The gr
taken to the Pembroke hospifcvl.	Pork and Beans, Pumpkin Pies, Apple “«re, Gve dollars, and thenco had gone where they had stood and walked
Pies, etc., etc. served up in the most	to Renfrew. The polioer office in that	was a good deal like the floor of a slangh
M. R. D. Finniganseon Clarence was	appetizing manner on Friday evening,	town was informed of the theft and re-	ter house. The owners of the cattle told I
attacked with typhoid fever lost week,	29th, by the young ladies at the Anm-	quested detain Wi liams till the	me they and two neighbois, whom they p	«%
making the sixth member of the house-	versary Supper in basement of Methodist	warrant was taken over by constable	had got to aid them, spent a good part of |	¦	®e
hold to be attacked by the malady.	Church. After supper Dr. Benson, will	Elliott on Monday afternoon.	the night trying to stop the flow of
Truly this family’s affliction has been deliver his popular Lee tore 44 Men	________ blood.
great !	Wanted. ” Admission 26 cents.	I	Would it not be a good thing if there
Pontiac Pacific Jim. Railway, was in this part a society to prevent
cruelty to animals ?
Our Overcoats and Fur Jackets are worthy your inspection, all good, honest goods, sold at very close prices. They make you look smart and prosperous, fj
copy of tariffs
P. W. Reeseman,
Geu’l Sup’t
OIL TAN MOCCASINS :
Dehorning Cattle
at
Auctioneer J. J. Turner will sell off the stock and effects of Mr. Denis Mo-
The largest stock in town—all No. 1, guaranteed. We ask you to look them over before buying.
j
H. SHAW.
ound
over
Blankets, Rugs, Robes.

The board of health of the Township of Clarendon have decided to hold a meeting of the ratepayers on the 2nd day of December, for
Mr. William Dagg, one of the oldest P066 P* getting an expression of opinion tawa, being the date of the inauguration settlers of Charteris section died very on the subject of vaccination. (See no- of the line through to the Capital, suddenly on Tuesday evening last from tice in another column). The board of These tickets will be good to return until paralysis. He took his dinner with the health feel that the responsibility Tuesday night Dec. 3rd, 1901. family as usual on the date mentioned, of ordering compulsory vaccination is too	P. W. Rbmkman,
but shortly afterwards took ill and pass- great to take upon thorn selves without	Gen’l Sup’t.
ed away about eight o’clock in the even consulting the people.
% Jir45S.VMtta2	EAD!2ftD
-Ssssg e$i §t§ mmm
,»¦ S.,“	iSÊTïL*& ELLIOTT’S HALL,
tS%	3thLX°e Sr^S	£ 55t, tSL? Thursday night, nov. m, imi,
showed how highly eeteem^ he had ^ id to the Uw prohibiting the nobly performed the duties of grooms- ‘ been in the eommumty The funeral billing of more than two deer by one man The bride received a number of Herv.ce was conducted by the, Yen individual_oe the contrary every man useful présente.
Arc .deacon Naylor, and St. Matthew a wifch a gUQ triea ^g ^11 he can, when	_*
church was crowded to the utmost - there is no statute to prevent him from	_	.	__
Mrs Dagg and family have the ^ them. There is certainly big Clarendon School Commissioners
' of “ in thie thelr hour of wages in the pasttime for the man who	.-_
knows how to shoot; nevertheless it is	Shawville, 23rd Nov., 1901.
The death occurred at Onslow on I illegal and extremely hoggish to boot.	Board of School Commissioners of the
- ssYMttfsss gsstisr, t&ïs rsusrM
vives him. He had no family.	The proposed changes when put into Lf taxes on the list, if the same ia not |H hereby mstmeted to call a Pnblic
Died.—At Bryson, on Tuesday 13th inat., after a short illne.s, David Du fault, aged 27 years.
On Monday, Dec. 2nd, 1901, this Company will make a One Rate Fare from all Stations on the Pontiac Road to Ot-
A. Kilooub, Sr
Monday the pur-
Montrea! had a one hundred thousand dollar blaze on Sunday morning—The premises burnt were occupied by W. & P Curry & Co.
Books !
GRAND
Books !
THANKSGIVING
CONCERT
Never before have we been able to give such remarkable values in Books as at the present time.
F

Unner the auspices of the Shawville Brass Band.
Our stock is complete in every line. Books for young and old, including
PANSY BOOKS ELSIE BOOKS,
HENBY’S BOOKS, BALLANTYNE’S BOOKS, -PICTURE BOOKS.
Also a Choice Collection of
BIBLES, HYMN BOOKS,
PRAYER BOOKS, (the new edition)
The Bells
pacity. sympathy ¦ bereavement
Tl|e Great Canadian Favorites,
Kings of Comedy Vaudeville
I
# e #
25 Cents 10 Cerf ts 35 Cento.
Admission .. Children .. Reserved Seats
PUBLIC NOTICE
x
Our space permits us to give you only a very vague idea of our immense stock of Books. It will be a pleasure, at any time, to show them to you. Our 15-cent and 25 cent Cloth boned Books are extra value. Regular price, 25 and 50 cento.
1
THE DRUG STORE.

the
•see
to
Shawville, 22nd Nov., 1801


a
.

###PAGE###2###
t,
i
’
SWIFT JUSTICE
BRITISH P. 0. SAVINGS BAflK
••	, precedent. Tho method is bettor | 9
thun it looks. At first* sight it seems •
slovenly and makeshifty, but in ® CAD THF U fk M E •
asa^Wamm___________________________________________________________________________________________________________
which the vegetables are put. In [><>- REOÜLATION OF HEAT. over tho sides Or If these are not »”d sot up . '"^cad n short sharp stance of tho l'rltlsh l'ost OfflcwSuv
There are th.ee principal elements allions where perfect drainage cannot	obtainable wax or varnish M'tno •	j^R8 llnl,k H,nco 1S01, Its trunsuo-
oi fertilKy essential to the growth be secured tho excavation In omitted, ,0*'° °f lllc most vexing problems brUlinnL nutmnn leaves of several * txt-nut* anuorstaniis tar oottor. Ji a Ilona have exceeded tho enormous of all plants. These are nitrogen, mid I lie vegetables or fruits are plied	wllh whlcl> young und Inexpert-	si70s wirc t horn—tho line wire that	"Ibo mlsDebuvo, or It «ten tneio	Is	eu in of one thousand million pounds,
potash and phosphoric acid. All vi directly on tlie ground. In either	™ced housekeeper lias to wrestle, is	cnmos for |lml.,,„g pa lures untwisted	|f°‘>d icnson to bellnvo they me	go-	Nearly twenty-six million doposl-
our farm crops arc nitrogen feeders case the vegetables or fruits are piled tho exact degree of heat required for xvl„ do-mu' or:	. i" n trails •»'* lo misbehave. which means a a a tors invested £004.4ti*,0(',(t, whilst
to a greater or less extent, consuui up Into a high roue sho,.' i figure, cooking tho various foods which slic down I lie sides mid along the table.	mi i r de ring and r ob D Ing Ur t ah Kventecn millions hate withdrawn
mg much more of it than of potash Sometimes they aro put on carefully mav have to prepare. As tlie digest- An ingeniim wonvm 1ms discovered \[l ''M s , '<1 l< ‘	1 ' , 10	1 ls 1 ^375.455. In the first year ^
or phosphoric acid ; consequently | in concentric layers with rounds of d lllty as well as pulatnbllity of all n now Wnv of fd -ih"' tho candles frontier olllcor niaj, on Ills own re- establishment it commenced modest-nitrogen is the first element of for- straw, chaff, leaves or sawdust he- roasted, halted and fried (Italics do- l0 a birthday cake. Heat the eye sponsioilify, order them to be block- ly, with 180,000 accounts ; but each tility to become exhausted lu the tween. This precaution is probably I'nds upon the proper adjustment of ,.m; nf n large needle and run il Into '	.	.	.'ear since these have increased at a
soil. Some means must therefore bo [worth while, as it secures some veil- tllc ll0nt 1ISC(I •» cooking to the re- lho	„ntl of each candle, about 1 'is means that tno Passes into prodigious into, until, at tho end of
fourni to restore this element nsj tllnlion, facilitates drainage, ami quirements of the article to bo rook-	„av. The other half, thrust their country are closed. Stragglers 1 last year, Utero wero eight millions
cheaply as possible and obviate the i separates the fruits so that decay rl1' 11 '-s absolutely necessary for ev- t,ilo the frosting of lhe cake, holds ‘"'Ç «vtrod ""f 811 communication reproscntlng In value a sum sufllcient uecessily of purchasing commercial spreads less quickly from one to an-	01.v conscientious cook or housewife candle llrta and does not break	""" m‘UB" torritoryjls shut on.	J ho	to cover tho cost of the South Afri-
fertilivers lo maintain the fertility other. Sometimes n ventilator is	to pay special attention to this sub-	tl,e icing.	same olhcer Is empowered to fine	a	can war, oven If this equals 130 mil-
of tho soil, llaivyard manure can Tliis nmv best bo n simple box tube h'Ct. It is largely a matter of Judg-	- village which Is known to be harbor- lions sterling.
usually b% obtained in sulliviunt quan- five to eight inches square, made of mc"1 "fl<'r «"> H>r while general	00OD RECll’KS.	mg murderers : the fine to bo rccov- 'lho deposits of the Uni.k of Fug-
tlty to replenish the potash and four boards	rules are helpful In a certain men-	, , cred summon y. Ills pormiss on land-llio most Important bank in
ÜSÜ: üiî MÛ iiiii ilüËiiWB
g*35£	-L5 it'JrtS l=rsr  tSf	IST-SSS. "» —“
j'‘it'S. i.‘St's:j rHEs rHSi SffrlTsrh STSSiS
Nmuro has not store!I exhaust- ofU:11	1 cï?olm* es“ j'none of the rich juices may escape, ready for tho tumblers When col<i, him to call n council of village eld- llritish Isles one has a banking nc
Ible fertility in the soil but she has * J>uri,',u ^ 11,1 tivr mto	conditions	i Tho old rule of fifteen minutes to turn over the	top	melted spvim.i- vrs-n Jlrga," ns it is called—to act	count	at	the	Post Office. On
provided menus bv u-ffioh thv ele-1 ? ‘°St tC9t SeYP™1	s0,*ts of vego-	the p()UU(t and fifteen minutes* over ectf. This can	be	carefully sa\ed ns a r0,,ri. and f unishment up to ! average, £10	8s	5d. stands to
monts uf for ti J i t v linv ‘be rpsiiiml i1,11'	ns. omolnst ,°‘lf cabbaKef$* is a good one to follow in cooking and used year after year, lho rc- fourteen years (previously it was! depositor’s credit
either bv the ximlicnH.m fortiii»! r U>U ^ not ,0 mc,U(,0tI in tbv samo these meats unless one prefers them heating takes out tho impurities, seven) can be awarded, without more 7s (hlt is added ers or the ffrowimr of some i.i .nt $,\v,	t	, ,	,	! <iuite well done, when a longer time Another simple way of saving me ado. on the recommendation of this] Engllshmat
that will draw nitrniren from th,. ni.- 1011 1 10 ,leu|‘, uf fr,,|,s or vege-	u jh p0 n0edvd. Lamb requiring full j rhubarb is to skin and cut the stalks tribunal. Tho system is customary,
anil tlx it ill the soil for tho nf Ull,|rs ls complete	a covering of	twenty minutes to tho pound, also into cubes und	put	in a glass jar, an(| mnn'res good mon to carry It
sæ 3E ~ iEsHE x I » ™	- *....^ .......".....**¦
v,ded	lis desirable
oral days,
called legumes which have this power I additional covet »f drawing nitrogen from the air, j vegetables
thus making tho soil richer in this evaporate a certain amount of water.
As the weather grows colder some soil is shoveled onto the straw eov-
wssh in clean water, und the coaling Is removed.”
Save « nice sized, shapely pumpkin
Thanks-
I FOR FARMERS

New System of Administration in
India Frontier.
IRISHMEN HAVE £21 5S APIECE AVERAGE SAVINGS
2d
t
?
ScasotiaMe and Profil a Me Hints fur the Busy T ilers of the Soil.
*
I
A Chat About the Largest Bank
in the World.—Enormous Transactions.


IMPORTANCR OP CLOYKR
of
i
t
<
cm
each «nef every year
The
as interest
the Savings I Hank to a much greater degree than cither tho Scotsman or tho Irishman, nit successfully But India hnm iron- IJv Joins it to the extent of one In
...	ar "	; t anzz sss^t, „hn°L t
Veal or pork, on the contrary, 1 rench Peasant Soup—Save the nierits, on a borde: whore men shoot Tmili(lirA W(? °;wr. ^untries only should be roasted in a moderate stock from boiling 4 or 0 U>s beef or lllst and consider afterwards, and the c vin"? °.n ,n twelve. In nvorage oven, so that the heat may pass mut ton. Put it in n soup kettle extension which has now been given La ^J J	8 cot can claim £18 12s.
10 1 through the outer skin to tho very with an onion cut fine and J dessert- (0 it is nn important feature of the hv	a« oi.
heart of the incut, leaving no par- spoon salt, then chip in a lit tie car- system that Is being inaugurated.	*1, * * ../ ’*o, . Paddy
tide of the fibre uncooked and on rot and turnip, and add either 1 bay	______0_____1	heads the list w,th £21 3s 2d.
enng. This earth cover is put on « j d‘ mokdg'it t hv^sanmas foMnmK ccderyT and 1 toaTpoon’white1 pepper MILES OF JOB LOT BOOKS. Mian 'one-half of the depositors, “out
ssArifz	”“y be %'zr.L lvz, s™ ««.	sjzvtzs? r:.s
til, bv the lime the ground freezes Pastry is best baked in n very hot I-et simmer slowly untllitlsi.il Bought Cheap in London. tinsses, with eighteen ; tradesmen
...	sAas	ts,	J:iE^,SvF- ^ ‘
But the most striking difference be- 'vomcncc	an(1 economy, and the use of j bo stopped	for a	few moments and out and dried before	the fire they arc comt)S
tween the clovers and other grasses stor°Kc	i'lts aho.ukl bo much more 1 the kettle pulled	to the front of the ready for use. Wash	the silver clean.
N in their power to increase the for- ctm mon tlmu k ***•	range until the proper degree of lient wipe dry, then rub briskly with one
tility of the soil in a way that has	~ fi	is reached. The digestibility of those of these polishing cloths. The silver
only been recently discovered. T his	r IRLDS C3KT THIRD.	| articles depends upon their imme- so treated so bright and shining,
mysterious power of enriching the	You probably walked through a	diatc encasement	in a crust firm	and	the	articles	cleaned	in	this	way
soil has long been known to practi-	wheat field oh last year’s holidays,	enough to prevent	further ahsorp-	require	nothing	more	than	to	be
ral farmers. But while it lias been Go through the same field this year! tion of the fat. When the fnt begins dusted with chamois, or an old soft known for centuries that clover and and vou	will find it has been grow- to smoke,	a bit	of bread may bo cloth before being	used. Try this,
other legumes possess this fertilizing ing halley, oats or perhaps clover, dropped in.	and	if it browns while ! There seems no reason for allowing
Power, it is only n few years since Why is this ?	I one can count sixty it is hot enough tarnished silver on the table when it
scientists discovered that clover ob-	It is because get tired of	for doughnuts and	potatoes] B
tains its nitrogen from the atmos-	growing tho same sort of cereal year	croquettes, oysters	and fish balls it
phere by means of bacteria, or mic-1 after year. ITant a held with wheat should be hot enough to brown the robes, found in the little knots, or one year, and it takes to the busi- bread while counting forty, tubercles, on the clover roots.	ness with enthusiasm, but put wheat Tho following list from Harper’s
there again the following year, and Bazaar will be found quite helpful by it takes no interest at all in grow- those whose experience along this L But if you substitute barley, Bne is as yet limited, oats, clover or turnips, it knuckles 1 ° cooked in a moderate oven .
ind turns
favors
to keep tho pile for rotor even weeks, without I'll is allows the to cool down and
A FAMILY OF PLANTS
•lenient than it was before. To this family belong the clovers peas, vetches, wild indigo, battlebox, shoestring and many forest trees, such as tho locust, mahogany, etc. There are 6.500 known specie* of legumes.
beans
and one
is altogether Tho ninety-nine pay on
.	,	.	,	,	, .average £2 18s. 5d; but the thirty
H ¦ hundreds of copies of one three withdrawals £0 18s. Id. Peo hook, (he latter less than three years p)ü nUnrh great importance to end-
in the market now.	()f 121 97g
In a very great number of instances j 3^ fpj too, tho books, now offered n*t a few coppers— pub! ished
an
¦	|	| number
depositors invested £3 npiece. After the holiday* —bank holidays especially—there is a ! I ....	. nt 0110 pound run on the bank, and ns much ns
twclvo shillings and sixpence, origin- £200.000 was paid out on the Mon-n I ly—have never been issued by the day after Faster last year. Some library or read by u single being, were in suri, a hurry to get out the though written by a supposedly not- money they could not wait tho usual
i	...... day's interval, but availed tliem-
ihe libraries throughout England, selves of the telegraphic withdrawal, from second down to twentieth rate,
having been supplied from these many miles of shelves, millions
for can be. so easily nnd t-cautifully cleaned as ti ls method admits of
THF, GOVERNMENT
HOPE RAISED IN VAIN
of I gives every facility to thrift. Over
Method of Justice Day in Dealing i novels issued during t ho last few 1 B.000 branches of the Savil
Out Justice.	years remain, and tons cf them are 2™ scattered throughout the British
¦¦¦	HHHHIH1 periodically carted off to tho pai>er Is os’ . wb,( b accounts may be
Mr. Justice Ihty, of Knglniid, whoso makers, to reappear again then ns	# ûmounts paid in, with-
long expected retirement seems about bright, virgin sheets, und very likelv Iout tlic lcast c*P°nse to the investor, to become an accomplished fact, is to revisit tho literary dead-house ôf !,n (luc courso 1|C receives an onicial without doubt one of tho most strik- one of the libraries. Sometimes, acknowledgement by post, assuring inG personalities in the modern his- however, these catacombs vield trea- tliat everything is nil right. He lory of the bench. His slow, caustic sures.	I Get# his money out in'a similarly
manner, and the elaborate severity An author, hitherto unrecognized, ea?^ ,nanaer-
of Jus decisions have Air a whole writes a book that goes with a Al Lhc l,cad offlee 1,1 QUocn Vic-generation been familiar to the legal swing, and tluit brings him fame at toria stroot' K C ’ L°ndon, there is profession and the public, lie, as once, nnd then people discover that a *laff of 2*000 , ,clcrks» mfwngcrs, most people know, was bitterly hard many unrend stories by him are!a?d ^«. housed in a building valu-in cases of assault with violence, mouldering in library cellars	Icd nt *811,000. When erected. it
and criminals convicted of this of-	was expected to satisfy requirements
fence met with scant consideration at	—------+------- I for many years ; but tho business has
his hands.	long outgrown the accommodation,
GOT HOLD OF THE WRONG MAN. ! and an immense office fs now in
course of erection at Kensington.
Between 20,000 nnd 30,000 ledgers are in actual use ; whilst in the basement may be seen row upon row of those now disused, but placed there for reference. In the classification of account a geographical arrangement, rnthcr than an alphabetical one, is adopted. For instance, all those opened at Oxford appear together, and so with other places in the three kingdoms.
Prof. Hoirie gel conducted tensive series of experiments fng several years, by which he os tab- inff *'
the cereals are wholly ck)Wn lo Gie work readily dependent on the available nitrogen out a decent rrop. H i*a tho soil, and have no power v,hat- ^ held can’t stand sameness. Thus ever to obtain it from the air. Sec- k is that farmers never plant ond. that the clover and oiher le- samv f*r°P "i the same fields In consumes obtain nitrogen from the ftirincentive years, preferring to put each |p<?*at?cs by the	agency of bacteria in	ilieir	lic,(i through the whole course of ce- „.10	bc sautc ia lnL	«hallow	fat
root	tubercles. Third, that	unless	naI growing before repeating rtny 1* »sh.	omelets, slicnl ham eggs,
these bacteria or microbes are found Particular crop.	| ^ 1 ° bc cooked in a very hot oven
in thj soil, clover will not. thrive lf Nicre is one crop which sickens 1>astrY- , , .	,	,	. ...
inoculated	with	11 held sooner than any other it is L, ,° fnf>< dccP M1	bo, ,ng	klt-
that these	!...tie	clover. Fields simply hate Clover. I '^XTricTslowly	In hot	fat
Chicken, pork and chops.
an excover
Poultry, game.
To be cooked in a hot oven : Beef fish, omelets, mutton, breads, souffles, lambs, shell crabs, crullers, oysters. croquettes, scallops, fritters.
First, that
the
until the soil is
them. Fourth,
knots, or tubercles, are not found the roots of clover unless
and
what is called
after a year of it, the\
clover sick,”
OH So Which upsets' them for practical
work for a long time. Fields which	* Tho jury,” he would say in
<»n other parts ot the field. It will	Moor" was getting	on. She said	air is full of impure germs. Those	time would be jubilant. ”
rims be seen that an examination of	nothing	about it	for	some time, till	who work in dirty, dusty factories	sentence you to twelve	months’	hard
lue dover roots will determine	one day	she said	she	would like to	or other places like them should have	labor, with twenty-five	strokes	with
w , !ier * 10. tubercles arc present,	go with	him to	see	the mysterious	their clothes beaten every day after	the cat when you go in	and another
Aiul if not, it only remains for the person. T he farmer, with an inward they come home. Grease spots twenty-five when you aimer to inoculate the soil with the i wink, said he would bo pleased to should l>e carefully defined off work i °vei ioot microbe by spreading a take her, and her surprise was great ing clothes, because such grease T , a,'rss*tiG of barnyard manure, when lie pointed over a gate, and in- spots hold dust, nnd may become made whci-o clover hay has been fed, treduced lier to a turnip field, which culture places for impurities received uvot ^ 1C , ( ' nn< the tubercles will had been known by that name for from the air. If proper precautions * pi >v.t r and the clover thrive.	j generations.	are exercised and the house is kept
It has now been shown that nitro- j	—---------------- as clean ns it is possible to keep it
*ou is the element of fertility most	V1™w	..A ,the health of the inmates will
needed to grow large crops of corn. ! ,ir* KN1AV Till. 1 ACT.	good.
wheat, oats and timothy, and that ! A convict at a French penal set- • There is a great difference between clover can draw it from the bournl- ; tlcmcnt who was undergoing a life a thing being scientifically clean and less atmosphere and store It nway sentence desired to marry a female clean in the ordinary understanding for the use of these plants. Know- | convict, such marriages being of com- of tho term. A house filled with the me these facts, the immense value of imon occurrence. The governor of tho germs of tuberculosis may be clean - o\er as a fertilizer, to say nothing colony offered no objection, but tho to all appearances, and one which >! its feeding value, must be appar- priest proceeded to cross-examine tho has just been disinfected scientifically eiit to every farmer.	j prisoner.	may have indelible stains of pro-
So far as our present knowledge of "Rid you not marry in France ?” vious wear and tear on the walls clover extends, the common icd nnd he asked.	"	nnd carpets, yet one is a wholesome
the mammoth are of the greatest J "Yes.”	dwelling and the other i$ not clean.
The common red Is the most "And your wife is dead valuable when hay, seed nnd res tor a-	"She is.”
t ion of fertility are desired. But "Have you any documents to show where hay is not an object, the mam- tho t she is dead ? moth is regarded as best for tilizing and for seed. It makes but une crop
certain of producing a seed crop than tlie common red. Because of its rank growth and coarse stems it docs not make so good a quality of hay, and more difficulty is met with in perly curing it.
get
on
a dis-
I'HE MICROBE IS PRESENT
his
fo i
by this
Rut I shall
"Tho driver is almost killed,” claimed those on the edge of the onlookers.
The doctor pushed his w:\y into the I In a railway carriage a young throng and caught hold of u young man was holding forth on the com-loan whose head was twisted to one para live merits and demerits of con-side and whose body was bent half temporary musicians, when it camu P	out, by the way, that he himself, nc-
SuiUng the action to the occasion, cording to his own statement, was
your dissolve friends when you come, wLch"'"^'	* herculean ^ meun ,x„u,„„i un the piano-
OUmV.. 17!?«• /T)‘1 '! Ui!1	AI1 Gic time .the victim howled ”1 or instance,” ho exclaimed, "I
as	E£™
ËH*™"	aEEEEES
his head	^ 1 pnil of ,KK)ts at Lut, doctor, I w-w-want to tell |directed his attention to a qiflet old
vou that I was b-b-born this gentleman sitting in a corner of thf>
'carriage.
thundered the ! "Do you, sir ?” he asked.
Yes, I believe I do, sir,” said the weren't you hurt in the | gentleman, with grave dignity. "You
hnro been playing the fool ”
cx-
QUITE TRUE
COJJIO out
Then the criminal, in appall: ,i¦¦ tonishment, would collapse, but the sentence most cases
ns-
doubio
would
pvo>e effective in Show your back
be
i
w way
Born this way !
physician, suddenly letting the young man go ; accident ?
"No—no. sir
A HAUNTED CASTLE
Dun robin	Castle
the Highland home of the Duke of Sutherland which is just now his headquarters' , , has a haunted room. The spectre is UD\ *v an invisible one, which denotes its ¦ the chemist's present o by a laugh which has been described -is nothing short of diabolical. The sound occurs very often not only at night but during the day, and no scientific explanation of the phenomenon has over been found The story goes that one of the Duke's ancestors caused the rival chief of à neighboring clan to be starved to death in this haunted
icplicd the cripple, they’re taking that fellci
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
Old newspapers save work in the I kitchen. When you have any ''messy* task on hand, like dressing a chicken, picking over fruit, etc., lay a paper on the table, gather tho litter up I with it, and burn all together. Saves | scouring the table. A crumpled newspaper cleans a window nicely, nnd brown paper, rubbed over the stove, not only removes dust but helps polish it.
A crust or coating forms on the metal lids uf self-sealing fruit jars, to the annoyance of housekeepers.
To remove it, an exchange says "Put a tnblcspoonfui of concentrated story lye in half a gallon of boiling water pour over the lids, which should be put in an earthern vessel. Let stand where it will ke*p hot, but not reach the boiling point for twenty minutes, during courtship
EXTINGUISHING TIRE
fer-
No
A German fire-brigade inspector
recently published the statement
that burning oils and fats can bo
,	extinguished more effectively nnd cas-
A traveller passing through a fever i fiy by heaping a quantity of chop-
miicted locality said to an Irish , ped straw upon L'cm than by any.
resident :	other means. TMe seemingly para-
1 at, I m surprised that you stay doxical method was tried recently
111 J1 j' a(>2, NX hc,c Pe°I^° die bo thick a conflagration that broke out in
^	a largo oil warehouse, and was at-
oith, rejoined Put, if you'll | tended with success he a fiber tollin' me av a place where people niver die Oi’ll move there to-
motry an- end mo days.”
Then I must
decline to marry you. You must produce some proof that your wife is dead.”
There was a pause, and the bride-prospective looked at the would-be
in a season and is more
THERE ARE OTHERS
groom.
Finally he said my former wife is dead.”
“How will you do so ?”
I was sent here for killing her.” The bride accepted him notwithstanding.
J cun prove that
pro-
STORING FRUITS AND VEGETABLES IN PITS.
This is undoubtedly the oldest form of storage for fruits and vegetables. It has been in use almost everywhere on this continent since tho days of the first settlements. The Indians and the mound builder# used It, but that is really not to be considered a
room, nnd used to visit him and In ugh at Ills tortures ; now he has to haunt the chamber in spirit. Needless to most of tho servants believe
V
say
GUARDING AGAINST SMALLPOX*
"That makes thirteen times I've I ,n Brazil parents and guardian* kissed you, darling.” lie said as he may, before consenting to the mat>
4 - «¦" i a SaSSSwFgj
thoughtfully.	has been vacciiAted1
the
A maiden aunt was trying to persuade her little nephew to go to bed, nnd by way of argument said that all little chickens went to roost nt set. "Yes,” replied (h* boy, the old liOn always goes with them
+
sun-
but




###PAGE###3###
I


< t

/

manor I suggested to Lady Roche ten, eleven, and then twelve, and yet that I should take Sydney to L011- the house wus as still ns death, and don for a change.	1 began to think that my watch
•sho did not like the idea. She Would bo fruitless after nil. snld she thought that in bin present I Just after midnight the moon rose,
stato he ought to be at his own j and soon it was almost as light as i no st.irY little drum-shaped forage
home end with his mother, and that day, and I began to think of aban- *h.,ch has hitherto been worn by I Herr Anton Dvorak lias been n«
A ^	^	.	iinislmry Towers was one of the doning my watch until another night. ,	guardsmen is to be din- corded a turn distinction by the Km-
^ moHi healthy places In England. Hho 1 stood up to ease my cramped legs,	,n main to the cloth cup Pcror of Austria. ][© in the first
suggested that wo should call in a and was just replacing the revolver (.,r JJ® nmn-of-warsman, says the musical composer wlio hus been made » ho ,10th oi November 18—, I •'rain specialist from London and do which I had been nursing in my ^onilon J olograph. This announce- a member of the Austrian Houm- ni
isssmmmsm$smim
6i#*8â%*liwkïïsï5 B1I8®8
However, curly in November I ro- .^Wlirr ,	crept out, and was soon climbing up „ ’	' U) 1 KA])1 HONS. things were	scattered about in	a ,amP per hour- a total of $400 t«
ccivcd a letter from Lady Roche tel- ..a# Y? d,<- y,ou ®fe it?" 1 ntikc<4	tho . ivV towards little Sydney’s ,	,,	sccm rathcr extraordinary lodge, and when I was going out	1 |>car tor the train in ouest ion When
Img mo that tho state of her son’s Ln».„	110 win<low, ho replied. “Oh, window. For some seconds I could to thc ny readcr that this new for- asked the chief if it was safe to kus is used tho chief expense Is in
Jie.Jth was causing her some anxiety	mo„ to your bud. i dare not do nothing but stand and stare in ?gc *:ap» which may possibly be have them there while 1 went to the '^ting the cylinders. Each ¦¦¦I
and that she felt sure there was ?l>Nf.crf* ,	astonishment and a certain amount i?8., l° hI1 troo|>K besides the village to hold a service. “Yes” he I,UM* or,° or two of these
something wrong with his brain, as f J . the poor* trembling little of (ear at the apparition. Then thc !juar(l? at an early date, has formed replied, “perfectly safe. There is not lined steel, with welded scan™ 1( lie was continually complaining of L\ » , ,ny a,’lnis and took him to diabolical horror of the awful plot , jcct ? Io,1K 4intJ anxious dis- a white man within a hundred fcet lnr,K *nd 18 inches in diameter bring frightened by visions which Z wwrooni whore he remained for made my blood boil. My suspicions	on ,he Part of the uniform miles !”	fond able to withstand a pressure of
only exist,d in his own disordered ,Cnr5?t ° tho night.	were correct then, after nil, and nuUlor,llt-s at tho War Office: Every	  110	pounds to the square inch. The
lm,ld	11 1,10 morning 1 questioned the someone was, for some reason, try- "ac ,14,sthat the old head- Mr. Sousa, the March King, is 0 ! company from whose books
I wrote and advised her to call in ' . 8,10 toI(i mc that she had big to murder my ward, and this JvJ?* , e< to protcct the soldier great smoker. There was a time ilcnis urc taken
¦¦¦
IHMI
to	| able, miss/*
BRITISH ARMY REFORM.
'V
PERSONAL POINTERS
WHEEL BtiiSE $140,000.
THE MYSTERY OF CAINSBURY TOWERS
Tommy Will w,„ Hi, Cop on HI, Head, Not His Ear.
Notes of Interest About Some
Great People.
MANY SMALL EXPENSES OM
BIG RAILWAYS.
*
Bill For Indiarubber was $160,-000.—$280,000 for Leather and
Cloth.
son and hull
Most of that
mat-
fit-
cam age made of
the*'1
<w
the
dog
turics
for
with
now engines anil are built in the
train stands
equal
train
re-
an-
« #
nil
« #
FAVORING THE WOMEN.
At tho old-fnshfoncd inns and c... taurants in Sweden it is customary to charge less for women than for
reth
you
own
LATEST THING IN SURGERY. Voices made to order are the int-
opera-
O
the
E7JC-
a monotone, tho patient i« perfectly able to carry on a conversation.
way,
At
CAUGHT A TARTAR
scuun-
I".
her falli'M
saw me at
it."

###PAGE###4###


HE SHAWVILLE
T
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
HARNESS.
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 28, 1901
SASH and DOOR


Coarse Pine Harness,
Heavy Draft Harness,
Horse Blankets,
and a full assortment of
Horse Collars, Lines and other Harness Parts.
The United States government hopes that the new tarit) schedule for the Mwl(pines, which went into %A'«*ot recently will produce about $1,000,000 a month.
FACTORY
Horse
Furnishings
(Formerly McCredie & IJodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Cspt. Broun rda, an artic explorer reports that from the Northern ihorea of Kotzebue Sound to the Artie Ocean, a • oataxace of 300 miles, is one immense bei of bituminous coal
o
Canada's domestic exports for October show remarkable increase over the sime month a year ago. Last month they UP - TO • DATE MACHINERY AND
% COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE
or a betterment of no leaa than $0,148,- PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING
:: ;; GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
u El NO FVI.LV EQUIPPED WITH
Collars,
Harness,
A 1 GOODS AT ROOK
BOTTOM PRICES.
HI

108
The C.P.R. land department on Saturday put through the sale of 30,000 acre# of farm lands to a syndicate ot colonial-agents from north Dakota. The price i* said to be $4 per acre. This is a record sale for recent years.
Mgr. Guay, who waa appointed census commissioner by the Dominion Government to take the census of Labrador, hasjuat returned after completing hie task, which was a most difficult one. The population according to Mgr. Guay, is M.560, of whom 1,809 are Montaganie
Indiana.
Blankets,
Brushes,
Combs,
Bells.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings. Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
MACFARLANE BROS.
non
P. S.--We are now receiving and paying highest market prices for Dressed Poultry and Hogs in good condition.
; ROBERT G. HODGINS.
M. BROS.
PONTIAC
worn IFN (CLARENDON ROLLER N|ILLS
MILLS
A NEWLY RE BUILT N|ILL
SMART & SMITH.
Engineering experts have rt ported to Hon. Mr. Tarte that the cost of constructing a channel of uniform depth of 20 feet between the Georgian Bay and Lake Ni pissing will be $4,000,000. The distance is G1 miles, and the chief engineering obstacle to overcome in making this „r >ute navigable exists at Five Miles Rapid».
I
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns p. S.—See our Cutters and Robes, for your wheat is Our Ambition.
['he ordinary revenue for the Domin- HeIVG COmniGIlCGd Op©r8>*
oT ™ iilSu'Tor11	in°exr I lions for the season and
cess of ordinary expenditure which amounted to $11,635,373. For the same oertod of last year the revenue was $17,320,353, and the expenditure $10,148,234. The capital expenditure for the four months was $4,456.070, as against $3,742,861 for the first four rmnthaof the previous fiscal year.
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ; and the Flour have argued it over. ; :
OHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
We Satisfy.
will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers[Hfe have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
of the surrounding country.
Custom work will receive
SASH and DOOR
c
FACTORY.
PEOPLE WHO BUY TIE 1ER GOODS AT OVR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
JAMES WILSON.
A Shuttle in B. C. Politics
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
In connection with my former Irnsl-i&f"s 1 luivc just placed in position n .set of first-class machine* for the manufacture of all kind» of
Victoria, B C , Nor. 22.—A political shuffle is being arranged here. Hon. E <L Priir is to become provincial premier* Mr. Tcmplemsn will run as city member, with the hope of a portfolio, and Mr. G, Riley, it is expected, will b:como a Senator.
1901
1901
IX ALT. LINES OF
GENERAL MERCHANDISE,
OR
ANDREW RODCINS,
Sash,
— — ()? —
OREMOST
URNITURE.
Doors,
Mouldings,
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
The» Manitoba Liquor Act Good
SEASONABLE GOODS
Tamings, &o.
PBivv council necisioN
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tablés and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it......................
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR :	FALL SUPPLIES.
FOR SERVICE
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee flint-elans work.
Lindon, Nov. 22 — In the appeal case of the attorney-general of Manitoba versus the Manitoba License Holders' association, the privy council has decided that the legislature of Manitoba had juris
diction to enact a liquor law.	I Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog. Service
Toronto, Nov. 22—Mr. E S Robert- fee $1.00. son, president of the Canadian Temper-	J A3» ARMSTRONG,
ance league, seen by the Citizen in regard to	Green Lake,
the decision of the privy conncit on the Manitoba hcecai law, said : 44I suppose that the decision on the Manitoba law practically gives the status of prohibitory legislation to the provinces. Si far as the decision permits the people of Manitoba to go in the matter of prohibition, I think that we should certainly expect the government of this province to go fully as far. I believe that that is expected of the government of this pr> vino. I think the understanding of the temperance people is that the Rots government was prepared to give us full pre-li bitory legislation as the law would permit. Tnis decision, to a considerable extent, settles the questions that have been nnceitiin. If Minitcbi is to have prohibition to the extent of the law passed by the Hugh Macdonald government, then Ontario shou'd have as good a liw from the government in power in this province. %
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee $1.00 Apply to JAS. BA LL A NT IN h,
Bristol
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
Silas Young,
assortment of
We have also a flret-ol
JOHN I ELLIOTT
Starke’s
Corners.
C HA ROES MOVER ATK. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION
TERMS REASONABLE
Large English Berkshire, pure bred Won first prize at Shaw ville this year Service fee—one dollar.
o
ALEX- s Road. I J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
PROPRIETOR
FRESH and CURED
Improved Chester White llog. Took first prizes this year at Shawviile and Beachbiirg exhibition*. Service fee—one
dollar.	H. T. McDOU ELL,
Clarendon
THE MARKETS.
Here it is !
The Place S
n
K.
MEATS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 08 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 40c. Pease per bushel, 65 to 70c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per busli. 40 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to 15c# Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 35 to 40c.
Hides, $5.30 to $5.73. Calfskins, 85 to 40 cents each
WÊttÊ OTTAWA
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 20c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 23c. per aoz. Potatoes, 75c. per bag. ^ Lamb, 8 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 31 to 5*c. per lb:
Pork. $6.50 to $7.25 per 100. Chickens, 50 to 65c. a pair. Oats, 4* to 50c. per bushel. Hay, $5.60to $9.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
Stray Cattle.
of all kinds at
A small-sized red yearling heifer, with white around the belly, strayed away from premises of undersigned n bout 11th of November. Information that will lead to recovery thankfully received by
John A. Trklforv,
Radford,
THE SHAWVILLE
IHeat Market
J. CL HcOTIBE,
Where you can get anything and every- DS thing you require in RV Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware. 1er
*
f •
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about 1st November, one yearling red and white bull. Owner can have by paying expenses incurred.
T JAMES SMITH,
Lot 8, R. 8, Bristol
Mr. Joe Chamberlain and the
Germans.

the same
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
RGDcII ring StuS	will outwear two pairs
--	-	_ w of common rubbers.
Proorietor.
Y
With	you can stub
your foot but you cannot stub the rubber.
AN OPEN LETT EE WHICH THE COLONIAL SECRETARY HAS WRITTEN HAS CfEATED
FRESH OFFENCE
Smallpox A Crime
fact is uot taken to indicate that the report is incorrect. The absence of official intimation is regarded in official circles as being due merely to the necessary delay in translating the war office despatch through the usual channel of the colonial office, and the beli-f is that it will reach His Excellency in due course.
The work of organizing the force will be begun at once on the war office plain now in militia department. The organization will be directed from Ottawa by the officers chosen to command the force, presumably Lt.-Col. T. D. 14. Evans, C. B., of the Royal Canadian Dragoons.— But, as has Wen stated, the selection of his staff will be left practically in the hands of of the officer commanding. The 600 men to compose the force will be raised throughout Canada generally, and it is expected that the force, which is to consist of 600 men as “yeomary,” can be enrolled, clothed and mounted so as to be ready t< last week in December.
Berlin, Nov. 22—Fresh offence against Mr. Chamberlain, British Colonial Sec:© tary, has been taken in Germany over an open letter, reproduced here, in which he alludes to the “So called agitation in Germany, so evidently artistical and entirely based on misapprehension of my speech,” and save that he does not propose to notice it; but that no feasible Gorman could be affronted by my words justifying British action in the Transvaal.
The North German Gazstte, semi-rffi;ia\ hitherto silent on the subject, denounces Mr. Chamberlain's original utterance at Edinburgh as inconsiderate and offensive, but considers thorn to have been modified by the letter. The paper exhorts the army not to be a fleeted or pjrsuaded into joining in the agitation, and deprecates official notice being taken of the unofficial utterance of a foreign cabinet minister.
A PUBLIC OFFICIAL WAYS HI WOULD PUNIflH SUFFERS FOB HAVING THE DISEASE.
St. John, N. B, Not. 22.-Dr. Mon-
tizambert, director-general of public health for Canada, is inspecting the
stations of the Maritime Interviewed here on the
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
is imitated by every rubber manufacturer, but your dealer knows the genuine from the imitation. No imitation has our specially manufactured Hope Canvas, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
Don't buy unless tbe wordsJWf ™
stamped upon the sole of
each rubber. Alt others are frauds
upon the public
quarantine provinces.
smallpox question, he said	. .	.
*• 1 would make smallpox a criminal offence and send every person who was suffering from the disease to ja 1 as a punishment for having it; Jf a person has obnoxious matter in bis backyard which endangers the health of anyone in a community he is liable under the law. A person suffering from smallpox is a danger to the community and should be punished the same as a person who has a nuisance upon his premises.
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
King Edward Foils Impecuious
Nibles.
are
A
Ou. LEATHER TOP StttDÿQff
the best on the market. 6-inch, 9-inch and 12-inch tops, with Rolled Edge and Heels. They are carried In stock, and your dealer can order them for you.^
The J. D. KINO CO., Ltd.
Have exclusive control of all	•
London, Nw. 91—K ng Edwasd has checkmated the thrity British nobles and others who proposed to line their pockets with American and Continental gold by the sale of their seats in Westminster A bby for the coronation ceremony by declaring that except in official capacity only British lubjec s are to be present. He has decided that the mere fact of y seat being soil dispossesses both the ider and the nominee from the right
It is undsratood that
Losses Nearly a Million
equipped and o sail by the
A Suspicious Cargo.
London, Nor. 20 —The Government has caused the detention of a British steamer which was fit ing out, ostensibly for a pleasure cruise, at Victoria Packs, on the gr und that the vessel wat laden with contraband of war destined for the Boer?. It is said the subsequent search ditch sid four ti U gur.r, quantities of taw materiel for the manufacture of powder, and that the vt slei was fitted up inside to accommodate from five to six hundred The captain of the ifcesmersays hi# directed him to ca’l at Him*
BAXK OF LIVERPOOL YICTMII
600 Mounted Troops
Liverpool, Nov. 22.- 0 cat exciteoiei t was caused today by the announcement that the Bank of Liverpool had been victimized by a trusted bookkeeper to the extent of hundreds of thousands of dollars. What the lesies amount to is not yet known, but an official statement issued by the bank says that through the dishonesty and betting transactions of a bookkeeper they may lose £170,000 ($850.000). The Bank of Liverpool shares fell one pouni on the stock exchange today. The defaulter has not yet been arrested.
CANADA 8 OFFER ACCEFTED BY THE WAR
OFFICE.
Prof. Ritchie's Discovery
Rubbers
Chicago, Nov. 20 —Professor Ritchie, of Yerkes’ observatory, is reported to have made a discovery in astronomy which will make him and the observatory world famous. The disc)very, in brief, is the proof of what is known as the nebular theory, and Professor R ta
what
brilliant hypothesis.
an
London, Nov, 23. —The war depart ment has accepted Canada's offer of 600 mounted troops.
Although up to 3 o'clock today no-formal confirmation had been received by the government of the announcement made in London on Saturday that Canada's standing offer to allow a mounted force to ba recruited in this country had been accepted by the war office, the
ho
Toronto, Nov. 21.—'The provincial dtvjrtiront of pub io works has been notified that the survey cf tha proposed Government Temiikttnihg railwsy has been completed over the first forty miles, from North Bsy northward. The tjlal distance to be covered is one hundred and five miles.
of occupying itHHH	I
large sums hsve been one red, both in America and Europe, for seats on the occasion of the coronation.
men instructions burg.
The Presbyterians of Brseside expect to have their church ready for opening by January 1st.
ppears to have reduced to certitude M been known heretofore sa the

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No. 876.
Poultry Wanted.
mm
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Intereib.
rÜBLÎSHKD EVERY TMVMDAY
AT HHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—$1 00 A TSAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until all arrearage* are paid, union by apodal arrangement with 11)9 publisher,
9
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
«%.
Meet* the 4th Wednesday of every month.
, Court dues must be psld f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
If. 8. Barn err, F.B
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.B.C
We are prepared to pay
HIGHEST MARKET PRICE
for all well-fatted and well dressed
PO U LTR Y.
Bring along your Grain, Butter,
Eggs, Pork, Hides, &c.
J. A. Cowan, R s
John Beckett, C. R
o
WINTER WANTS :
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising. eight cent* per line for first insertion and finir cent» per line for each subsequent Insertion,
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at ÜOü per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The «pot for—
L°£,M	îrSUWr	A Fashionable Hair Cut.
Advertisements received without Instruc-	Good Shampoo, oh
lions accompanying them will be Inserted	a nt KkK shavf
until forbidden and charged for accordingly, 1	A VLKAN SHAN E#
Birth, marriage 11 shed free of charge cents per line.
HAWVTLLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SiflTlj, Proprietor.
s
Before placing your orders for winter supplies be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock of
Cutters Robes Blankets
nr Your Turn next
»
and death notices pub-Obttuary poetry th
ree
CEO. HYNES,
\
*
JOB PRINTING
You can always rely in getting top prices
for all produce.
All, kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly a trended to.
9
f
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
Rugs,
Bells Whips, &e.
Business Cards.
We are now showing an extensive range of the following lines :
Snow Shovels, all sizes,
Axes, Cow Chains, Buck Saws, Cross-Cut Saws from $1.50 up.
We handle the Celebrated Maple Leaf Brand.
MEDICAL.
9
DR. STACKHOUSE,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Surgeon Dentist,
SHAWVILLE - - QUE.
———----------——————7 I I also keep a complete stock of rune*
F.M.A.McNaughton,I*.|	SSSZSSÆ
dmtflC ' Ail calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
BEST GOODS.
LOWEST PRICES.
IN UNDERTAKING
A. SMILEY.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
See our range of Heavy Rubbers, Moccasins, Mitts and Gloves.
A good Oil Tan Moccasin from $1 up.
Graduate of McGill University,’
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, tiliawville.
Omcc hours—Monday, Wednesday and District and COlintPy.
Mr Chas A. M’ccol, M. P. for Ni pissing. ia at St Michael’s hospital, Toronto, tiering from appendicitis.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D., C. M
Robes ! Robes ! Robes !
and
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trlutty University, Toronto: Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by
examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.	......
Of net à no Rxsidcxck : J. H Armstrovt/» House, ment to have ai their ahantymen vacci
nated.
IU
All the lumbermen in the Province of Quebec have been notified by the Govern-
Genuine Saskatchewan Buffalo Robes
of Goods may be seen at
SHAWVILLS
MAIN STREET
. J. F. GRONATI’S
-1 The Doherty Organ Woiks at Clinton I were damaged by fire. 8 >me GCO or 800 • organs in course of construction were destroyed.
j Four men who went adrift on the I schooner Marino City, from Goderich I have been g ven up for lost. They all belonged to Kingston,
Third Consignment Ladies’ Caperines just in
See them quick. They are fast sellers.
LEGAL.
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, I. L L
i
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
o
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
G.F.HODGINS
WM. GAMBLE,
The Bell telephone company has railed its rates io 0 taw a another $.), and as
Uoom 2d, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks I a consequence there is an awful row.
St., Ottaw a, Out.	Alderman James Davidson has been
At Shawvllle, necond and fourth Tlmrsc ay appointed mayor of Ottawa for the bala
of each month.	nee of the year in succession to W. D
<VT!ce—over G. F. Hodgtn»' Store, Ma;a St. |	disqualified.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
P, S.—This Store closed Nov. 28—Thanksgiving.
If you want the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices make your purchases at J. P. Gronau’s.
HONG KEE, MILLINERY°ST0CK
CHINESE L#DHY,
^ —A p lA/QinUT Mr#. Mvrgaret CsldweV, of Nepean CEUa x/b If If lUil I I township, has filed applications for letter#
ADVOCATE. .A.RISTEPl. AC',
OF TEE PROVINCE 01 Qt 1BLC,	fa|oed âl $2,500.
Trust	street, Ottawa.	The correspondent of one c-f our coun-
try exchanges heralds the approsch of Next door to Miss A. McRae's, winter with the remark that "from this
on we may expect it to frétas and thaw, JÎÆ&1X1 StlOOt. " 5HâW V 1118e
and to hear our better halves sneeze ai J
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange
—AT—
tyrs. McWilliams’
Shawville.
We are Agents for
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and PontL Districts.
m
THE WINCHESTER
III
laundry work of all kinds done in first
jaw
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L.
Sale "to commence on Nov. 15th and to continue till Dec. 15th.
f
Pittsburg, Noy. 21.—An unknown man | class style qtrprt Ihnw himself headlong iiits one of the
C"AM"BRS 1 88u. - QL-v £—3 STtr: S%J£L	«— *“ - w.b,
«a * ™-r.S r: - "
The crown lend department has defini mootba leave of absence in order to tut-te'y decided to retain the Ontario mine- fi, Lil dutic, „ a member of the Judical ral display at the Pan-American for the Committee „f the Pi ivy Council.
Geological museum in the new science
bui ding cf Toronto university. The It is reported that Mr. C. M. Hays Philadelphia chamber of commerce was will return to the Grand Trunk as Pre
WMtVwili* n'^r tawmeCUtrawo1- Call and gat baigalna a, I leave for Mon
- - OUE Toronto,Nor. 22—Thawhilodkerahotbr “X» ”B,Inb. <™..d.
9	A .withy No. Vorlor, who i.«tatting
S.A. MACKAY, B.C.L., «-ft	‘a!, %' g'f: ‘pîK
SKUgifflïfi Slir£‘2K?^Sr3K
—sis?f.nur"-	srxtfflps”>»•-
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- yet decided upon.	Smith a FalW R cord.
isBUy of every week.
ADVOCATE, Sce*
d late remittances correspondents.
Rifles and Guns.
In addition to stock will also be sold HAT STANDS, LAMPS. 1 JEWELL WOOD STOVE and SINGER SEWING MACHINE-
W. W. IRELAND,
If you want one write us
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
ssssrs- ««u.w.*r.râd %%
factorlly
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
very anxious to get the display
SHAWVILLE - -
HARDWARE MERCHANTS
Sussex St., OTTAWA*
mrs. McWilliams
t
Gruesome Discovery
A Fenian Plot
Kingston, Nov. 22—Today a steel bridge was p aced in position over the
I I__	Madawaika river, replacing a wooden
Winnipeg, Man . Nov. 20 —A grue structure on the line of the K. Sc P. One of the biageet lawmille in Canada I The new Holineu church in Uobden I rome dbcovery of the remain, of a man . Surreyore who have returned from their
Toronto, N »?. 22—The Canadian I teti »r It has a seating capacity of 200 f yet been identified.	| wounded. The shooting was done by
Railway Accident company has fi led an and c^t in the neighborhood of $700.	-— 	Robert Cebum, who thought the men
appeal to the supreme court to set aside a	____ Oats 50 a Bushel.	were about to rob his hen ruoet. John
verdict of $1,000 given to Mrs McNiven,	, ,, xx_ TTnl lowing	- , Miller said he and his brother were with-
of Arnprior for the death of her son, Death From L.ocKja	6 ! Toronto Nov. 20 -Oats are selling to- out money and they were merely seeking
Alexander. He warn killed while coupling |	v accina	| day in Toronto at 50 esnts a bushel.— \ a lodging in Coburn s barn. Cobourn
I The company says it insured him	n Nov 2l —4 This is about the highest price reached j drove four miles to a police station with
as a baggageman and held him aa such a Three fivers, Vue ’	‘f ' for twelve years. The shortage of the the unconscious form of John Miller in
risk. The trial judge thought they were dreadful eu an-! y h.»s * .	* crop |0 Ontario is named es the chief the bottom of a waggon. The police
liable, but four judgfsof the court cf ap- named Hern:er. A *c >	, »rm was cause of the high figure. The Ontario found the latter’s brother two hours
peal divided, two favoring the company I	^^^The place L came so troubl” I yield this year being away below the later. Coburn was detained by the
i*eiaiig
tion. The J°ry f,:Urk «w and that im- bat the law empowers the police migis- payment was stopped on the checks, and death was due to lockjt ,-pw ^	trate, for • first offence, to fine instead detetives put on the bunco men's tracks.
y	of imprisoning.	They were overhauled aud forced to give up
B'fXEH HEAVY CLOTHES AND FUR C'JAT OF A VICTIM OF LAST WINTERS STORMS .
Toronto, Nov. 20.—A Globe special from Victoria, B.C., says arrivals from Skagway, confirm the story of the existence of a conspiracy to overthrow British rule. Inspector Corrigan did arrive from White Horse on the 5 h and held a consultation with United Skates officers.— It appears to be generally accepted as a fact that some mischief was brewing and it is attributed to the machinations of the Fenian centre, its local headquarters at Skagway, but direct affiliation with the head centres of New York and Chi-Leaders of this centre have been
HOTELS.
esgo
watched by the police for some time.
The Mail quotes the Victoria Times which says the exceedin WÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊ hostile spirit which prevai towards everything Canadian and British is said to be largely due to the plotting of the local centres, llecent insults to the British flag, culminating in the actual tearring it down on one occasion aa Wilt as certain well carried out plots to bring Canadian officials into disgrace, are all traceable to the same gang.
St. Lawrence Sail,
ir
mean and in Skagway
•9
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
Kirst-class Livery Attached
cars
Table and Bar al
y GlDoiali»,
!
Sho Bought Revolver
New York, Nuv. 11 —Mrs. Chartrand, the wife of the manager of the Hoboken skating rink, who was shot and killed by a bulltfc from a revolver in the hands of his wife, has been identified as having bought the revolver from a gunsmith shortly before the shcot ng. Mrs Chartrand has insisted that her husband was about to go on a hunting trip and that he gave her the revolver to protect herself. Her story was that in bidding him good-bye she put her around his neck and that the revolver was accidentally
JEWELLER

the

Ml*
I
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE had spent $60,000 under the belief that Ao. Ac. 11 would not b* exposed to competition
The National association will undertake to furnish accomodation for 100 of Toronto’s consumptive people within a
m
RlfAfRISe—
A SPECIALITY

pure vaccine w;u who vaccinated her
disc? ifged.

SHAWVILLE, Q.1

1



###PAGE###6###
R






THE SCOUT IN SOUTH AFRICA,?
Sozodont
A GALLANT FISHKIIMAN.
In a long list of nwards issued by the Royal Humane Society the sliver modal Is awarded to James McDonald. fisherman. Mallnig, Inverness I shire, Scotland, for an net of great bravery in Mallalg liai. Returning from a sall with throe ladle# on board, Ida boat was capsized in 30 foot o' water fifteen yards from n small rocky island. McDonald got
(POULTRY
Hr
After his lost trip McDonald was exhausted that he could barely stand
The steady increase in the sales of
Ludella Ceylon Tea
Experience of Major Burnham, the
Aihrrican Scout,
At ZamI Kixer Major F. R. Burnou*. the American scout, spent afternoon inside a Kufflr hut
an
while
vn a bench outside were ranged a lumber oi Row olllvvis watching the movements of the British in the distance. *1 he scout, with his eye at a hole in the thin mud plaster wall, an Ivi I) from the head of the nearest Rocr, was likewise watching the proceedings There was only one room in the hut, and when some of Boer*, decided to conic and sit inside the scout had to jump for a pile of t-Kins in one corner and lie motion less underneath one of them for two hours, while one of the Boers sat so close that he could have touched
Burnham without rising from his eeat.

Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
the
so
AGENTS WANTED.
"Can
rpf „S“ ira
you*”* U,e	mny n°t hoaf
S.osodont *	»	.	# îjc,
Vozodont Tooth Powder •	95c.
Large Liquid and Powder - 73c. .
AU stores or by mail for»the piicc. Sample for the postage, ju
hall & RUCKEL, Montreal.
25c
ÉflSüi
Among able-bodied'mon the yearly O deaths arc 10 per 1,000 for civilians, but only 6 per >1,000 and 8 per 1,000 for sailors in tho navy.
™rs BEST I'OAL MIBB	:Mt|DONr To«h m» 25o
»N ABUNDANCE OF COAL FOE	BNOUUANUE^mr. HOUSE. jSSfa^BlgSKSiS L** lt~7.*ZT«d!5
•=&•• ilpiüiW lEllSWWSlb^
Who had been chosen for his «•»•/,*	nccted	w,lh whut is virtually an-	b?7! .nm,,° for tho building of 200	Wl,nls to spake	wid you." Mrs. I	Principal,
strength and endurance So Burn	°lhcr	toWn UP ttt the Coal Creek	«( dUional ovens at Morrissey Creek.	Bloomor-"That	awfully swell Mr.
ham took the guncotton with whi.-h	m,nC8‘	aiul mtlk,iig in all about	About half a million dollars have	Dudleighl Jane,	just hold the wire
his companion was hxkn and XVnnt	('°? peoplc wit,lin a distance of five	bv<‘n expended by the company for	till 1 put on my	newest tea-gown,
on alone, while the bov btruvirlnl m Î8, Two other mining towns, i Jrflchinery and supplies during tho That man notices everything." back to the British liner’	" ’Vlth constantly increasing popula- pas* yc}\r' chiefly In Montreal, To-
^hen the Boers moved on Burn- t,0I\ hu,vc bcen brought into exist- ^;)n °» Hamilton, London, Winnipeg, tain blew up the railroad between once hy 1,10 c,ow’s *cst Coal Com- j V ftorift* Vancouver, and other Can-I'retoria and Johannesburg, enabling ?h‘iy ttt Mlchel und Morrissey Creek. aj l,m bus mesa centres. Alberta Is H.e British to capture a number of a nVcc^,iry works "e under way *	* ,ncontributor of food
engines and cars at Johannesburg and| a ,Jlost complete for tho gro.it *!pp,lc8 anti Worses for the mines.	.	,
He was	twelve	davs	on	the	Vnedi'	î°al °ulput	thal must ultimately	1 his, ,docs not include the ordinary	, 1 rtt Student-'What makes	you	I
r.ton, living	the	last	four	d us	nn	1°'CC its Way	into the American mar-	f«PPly«»W trade of this town,	which	[ook 80 melancholy ?" Second	Stu-
lnw mealies only	l'ci rts soo,‘ «s tho completion of tho 18 ,n thc bands of merchants not	dcnt~	1	«ave	been	fooled.	1	asked
I < row’s Nest Southern Railway puts connected with tho company. Great	my father to	send	me twenty-five dol- 1,10 flrst civic knight in England,
tho Canadian	producers in a more	nnd rnpifl UB the development	has	lars to pay my tailor, und a	few	Was	sir	William	Walworth,
advantageous	position	been it will tie far exceeded	when	du*vs latcr 1 received the receipted	Mayor	of	London,	who was	knighted
FOU A CHI ANTIC OUTPUT.	""	"""" "* ^
I lie scale on which operations are markets within reach earned on c.'lcctuutly allays all fear
of a coal or coke famine in the west on either
makes all
for soldiers,
i’he
incident illustrates Major Burnham’s maxims Willy " ho soys but," lie adds
one of "Invisi- j f*
is Immobility ; |
it is not easy to remain motionless unless you koej eye on the man you wish to avoid. When you lose sight of him your imagination is likely to get the hand of your Judgment—and your
nerves have to be in good comhtion then."
W»p« lb* I'nngh and work» off I he Cold.
Laxative Hrouio-Quinine Tablet** cure a oeU in one day. No cure, No Fay. Pride 2i ccoif
> on
upper
Address
j I believe MINAltD'S „	cure
VETERINARY COURSE.
L1N1MBN1
ras zss's -saw i ra„,dJ‘K SM'îSSa.
work; thr «mont hi'study during spare time i	* lttM1
ai home w»l qualify to pasa an examination; I	*¦ hcnove AilNAItD’S L1NIMFN1
euoressful ? tu- rnte wl I bo o/Teed per man ni I will produce growth nt imi». punition nt gnoOayeartnour various tranche.;	xii,u brn	„
splendid ooportuntty for young men to secure I	III AS. ANDLILSON
a thorough Vetertmry Coune aud good pod- I ‘^tfttiicy, P. L. J. tlon ; wnio at nncefor fu.l particular*. Ad- I 1 believo AliNAItfV<4
îiïA'2a,X,UrU,'r’ 8e ence A**° I	b«t household
Oil City, Ont.	^
TO < lifts 4 coil» l\ 0\R nil.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Ta hints A 1 <1vuirgt*t* refund tho money if It fails to erne. K. Vv. Grove s signature is on each box. WJo.
liniment
remedy oe A1ATTIIIAS FOLEY.
Lord
I IIOIESN SCOUM
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
Dillard’s Liniment Cures Diphtheria. I
I m s<>rry you don't like tho new DU,I.®<V . 8bc Buid to hvr bum band.
-e wmi wmsm a*"
mmmrnm tip® Silts ^1 °^&T.
«ftïasa! uv«s	F	a riiïsEïSzSïS; *“*« '*»»* w «•»»
mplion, nn aggicgato distribution of cash *,lst proof of its eflicacv. Mrs a*1 In Vng* nJ 6 *"*lho 'nly pcrru‘ntmr cure. Mr. mun ,	-,	. . .
,2E;BH rlS EH™ B,B pspilSsi	u„.
rsssa ,* awac ks =5SSis ^tss-^^tïïs s
111 ' l(*'> not only need not dread con- Wav construction, which is beimr !1CSS* nmi is * groat helper in teeth-1 fîî,,,‘n.M,Hrcb of^i:ureand tried n.ur • «Hour ,	^ ami the name and status of his Lwg*#nd Put Steam,L,p& Superior &MOT,,,,od»u«,
EK-SH'EBHrBKF=EH. ES ###=@58:#? rSSHBaW
! m mmsmim
fins?	îrïrïï ' sobdwt - teeth zs.
began to return, and this seemed to TC ycars’ and there is no reason ,	-4-—
mark the change which brought about r ,iy a mnrket of that extent should; ARTIFICIAL IIONEY.
*h' 'v n.° ,rww* o/ the illness J passed j Estimates based on actual surveys | The 'fvM 1 bcJlcvc Vr Williams’ under competent geologists, *¦	¦¦
1 ni.. 1 il.s saved my life, and I hope lowing the widest margins for m> .statement will induce similar sufferers to try them."
Dr Williams' Pink Tills make new, rich. red blood With every dose tho blood is strengthened, the quantity increased, and thus the patient is en-ailed not only to resist the further Inroad of disease but m soon restored to active hcaitn ana strength.
If you are ill, or weak, or suffering from any disuse duo \o pogr ^loocj
4r Weal nerves, take Dr. i_
I ink Pills at once and they will make you well. [IT by all dealers in medicines, or will , be sent postpaid at 50 cent» a box or six boxes for $2 50 by addressing tho Dr William's Mvdkinc C*,
Diotkvillc. Oar.
MOKE TO BE DREADED THAN
an outbreak or smallpox.
BABY’S HEALTH.
side of the line; in fact, timidity on that
w P c 1103
For all skin aliments,
#• 0.0*1 vert A Co., Uenoheiter, Inglen*
said
liagiigesg!
lion oaths
ASTHMA
arc
mpob * PB5ÎMNÜRM .
WJ. t.'Jones tNCO^I
^^p.vÀoriA.muïWQ h onto
Cents’Suits Cleaned
or Dye<! ; aIm Udtw' Wear of all kind*.
cou^Te^sp
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO'Y
Montres!, Toronto, Ottawa â Queboo,
u great mistake.
science now knows that consumption when u has nut reached
stage, is curable. But better still it ! Pbcsc Hffurcs
if prevent!ble.	'
think of being wor»,^,.^M Sold by drug- I	rectum monUtd Clarl
“ on receipt of
—1ESS1SS “
Brass Band
shows
Quo
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms. Etc,
EVERY TOWN CAN NAVE A BAN:
J^!ree6 PVoe" ever Voted. Fire oatalogui 300 montrait m«. mUI<*d fr*«. Writ» o* for sot thing in Music or iliMail lu*treinenl«.
grateful oomfortinq.
COCOA
\
WHJLEI BOYCE & CO., Limited,
BREAKFAST- SUPPER.
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg. Moo
on
on his bird-




7

to-

I yAVE a,ways given proof of anything that I claimed for my Elect™ c '' because I know that there are people who claim a great deaf
more for their remedies than the truth would justify. If you want |
remedy which will cure you, it seems wise for you to take the one that as cured others. I have published thousands of testimonials from, cured patients, and I will pay $i,ooo in gold for evidence showing that 1 have ever used a testimonial which

young
>
was cot true and honest
R
\>2
bac°Ppa^and^h E1®otPl° Belt Cures Rheumatism,
Lum-
any part of the Body, Weakness
f 7 P&Pt of th0 Body’ Tired Feelings, Sleeplessness, Prom-
li t ^ . Ago’ Weak Stomach, Weak Kidneys, Loss of Vim, tj Ambition and Youthful Fire.
UL In
uo
natural
\MKSK'v v	\Y/ ,i do!!|t as^ any man to buy my appliance on a speculation. I know
'	fol' 1 11 , curc tbcse troubles and I want my pay only when the cure
•i
average temperature of the and al- whole globe is 50 degrees,
or eigh-
errors teen degrees above freezing point.
' T hsnka, dear Mrs, Grundy, for your advice about 4*oca*
0
{ free test
FREE BOOK j
William»’
soon
These pills arc sold
onnrr,OLT tea
I have tried It and ma
U Is mast del olona. ok forward to."
DR. M. D McLAUGHLIN, 130 Yon** St, Toronto, Grit,
to 8.30 p.m.
$





^4 JLi.-----

###PAGE###7###
Then ho is
iïHÎIOÏÏ TAKE MILKIN TEA
"I thought am much no waiter after all."
"Of tourne not only one person—
Ÿ I "And that Is—
Y "Young Surtees. Don’t you know Ÿ Surtees was always sweet on Helena
J* I Waldo? That would explain the It seems a Habit to Use Many I scone on the stairs, and in fact, his | Things, But. They Are All
i* being	n	IIIIIIIIT
‘ "Yes, bst not his being at the «Junior Jti-ignu ¦' t i ni> He come there to i probably
spy on us ns lio Jins here. But I’ll why he uses milk with his tea. salt he even with him, you’ll see.	with his meat, or vinegar with his
' Wo must lmvo no svnntlnl in put>- 8alad. An(l if nnyono d|d colliSiMer
Egr Hr— I	5 rggcsS-
F.nako, or knocked on the head like a
<• •I"!’	£ *•* *	^ W *> ** > •»•>	v / ?
! •> * X v « >v ' v* v v v * •» *
%
The Untimely End of
!$* Joseph Devae.
z
I
l
!
I
More; he can ht
J
HIS
»
?%
REASONS FOR STRANGE FOOD
MIXTURES.
/I
i


0
s
ILL-GOTTEN
WEALTH.

Ï
V
X
I



!
1
Necessary

4

i
!
;

.	* <• ? ?> Z •
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING far? CHAPTERS.— Securities vanish fiom ’ jr,? the strong-room of Candelcnt, Dandy and Waldo, bankers. Mr. Fnske of Scot land Yard is called in to solve
There arc two key*
I
no one ever considers
•• v *•• '•* v *1* *W' •/ •** *1* *v *1* *X' *1* *X*	^ %• *î*	•>
Do you moan to marry the
m
î
ii
h

/i

t
il
KM
7
,we
7

the mystery
to tlio bvrong-roow—one held by Mr
Em lees chief cashier lias two children,
pliine. lie reproaches Dob, who is wy?
cxtiavaguiiL su baiters with ns- * 'Dali ! Fnnchette has chosen to I toad." pirations to the hand of Helena ,tako herself o!T, and l don’t want to Soon after this ominous speech the from ,Ul° unhappy fate of being con-Ualdo, for having consumed ''}* »'* !B(* hor “gain."	Marquis, without making any adieux vcrtod into leather. Of course, it is
tcr'e dowry to pay his gamming , it may bo necessary though, un- quietly loft the house. The ball was «in exaggeration to suppose that tho debts. Surtees is suspsclea OI less you arc prepared to bo betrayed, still In full swing, and would last at J,v,nS stomach could, by any moans,
..	search-warrant	is	™hcn	She is going to bo married, I hear." least a couple of hours more.	b? R() transformed that a pair of
out against him. Some I oi tugueso i	“To whom?" inquired the Marquis, “it is barely half-past two. I can gloves might bo nuido from it. The
bonds answering to desciipUon or fiercely, "llow havo you heard?" be back in less than an hour." \ scientific facts may bo stated as fol-
¦¦se#*
leedES***!!-
! ».	*" "1 didn't c^ino to sco you at. all M I Quickly shambled ahead under the	1 HE FOOD WE EA1	of this offer must send in thoii names Mortimer Mi opes, the English art
' Vf» hut everythin^ moves so rcPMcd Hob, coolly. "	" I houses, so as to overtake Dob Sur- but not of the latter. Wo therefore nnd addresses in full, together with ist W]J0 went to Soutli Africa. ...
“ si-»- =
policemen, its ustial guardians, were Another reason why we cat com- Journal w ill then be ft rwaidyl to bought no tent and no provisions! nowhere to bo seen. There seemed no mon salt is that a certain quantity them for two months.	f at the	ex- jjut tlir-ro was one article which	ho
protection for a passer-by nearer of hydrochloric acid is needed by the P"ration o: Unit term they are	n*»t. (ji(1 (jlanc0 to get, which proved	ns
than tho sèhtries at Buckingham stomach for tho purposes of diges- convinced of the merits of Canada s uscf„i aq a talisman. It was a field-
tion, and also to kill the microbes Premier mn.ru7.me a post-card order marshal', helmet# ¦	¦
said the wo swallow. This add is manufac- 10 discontinue will se'^r “H first riifllan, who had turned sudden- tured In the stomach from hydrogen "cotions i lie acceptance o 1 ' -ly and met Bob Surtees as he ap- and the chlorine of tho salt
baccy-pouch and give us a chaw
"I havo neither tobacco nor lights" | naturally contain less than others said Bob. shortly
"Not so fast, guv nor. ^jBPH speak a chap civilly; that won’t cost you much
h
reason is much
m

i
«

z
S3
%
#
our tea to PRESERVE 01JH STOMACHS
4111
i

h
%
h
I
I
I

%
theft. A
S
Va


Vs


•v/
/
AtW


1
*2%
limit
%
/

<#
AŸJ

ï,
n


a

him and Fanchotto maid.
i
\

f
I
DULLER ON II IS DEFENCE-MAKING HIS FA MOO., SPEECH AT WESTMINSTER.
"I challenge the ‘Times' to say who is the man more fit than I uni."
OLDEST AND NEWEST
Upon receipt of her name and tui-drefis will be mailed the remarkable A Christmas Gift to the Women proposition made for tho securing of
only ONE new subscriber. Address : Tho Ladies' Journal Co Adelaide St., Toronto. Can
of Canada
73 West
THE MAGIC HELMET
UJi
to
ho has found that woman I cant see,
that wo are a bit nearer the end. |to®- J ,,m a wretched, unhappy girl."
And you, Boh, what have you done?" i n,‘ wi,h that poor Helena began
' 1 have my eye on Megitt and the	-
M trquis."	, Dun \. I)e	darling," said
flint's not much good unless you 1 u >l ,;l *mg her hand and trying to
can find something against them."	.l 10r* “l am only after those
1 have a little scheme in my, v!lln,ns- * heard something last
head which ought to enable me to j11^11 • n,'d now I have followed them
lK*notrato their secrets, and I'm going 1.rc,„ Tht-ie, there, don’t cry, dur-
to try it to-morrow or tho next day. m"' bc went, on, in a soothing
After thinking a good deal about it W,)ICl'’. u‘sinff ^0 stronger and more
nil, I consulted Tummond, Richard's h1 ,ir,ica* argument a lover has always at command.
Palace
Ho says :
It. was white; but 1 painted it khaki. and the oil in tho preparation ,v incurs no obligation of suh.sciipt.ion. produced an aged, battle-worn look
of! The Ladies .Tournai is an illustrât- ^ Inch gave mo the air of a warrior od monthly with a history of twnty |,cfor(, f jm(] f;tirly started on years' constant advance. It ms career. This helmet was mv sa I va thirty-six, large, four-column pages Uon ]f carriwl me , very where, every line of which is devoted to t o comihandcd respect from everyone, interests of progressive Canadian all(j plc,rur.-<i for me privileges which
it antedates the fashions by j Kbould never have obtained in any
article-, m. oljm. way_ i was allowed at the millinery. 1 ie jron^ to gtray about late at night,
unquestioned. Guards turned out to salufc me. Men made way for me. I did scores of things which to other correspondents (with ordinary felt hats) were forbidden. M
con
Got a light
guv nor
Wo
‘No?
Well, open your take more salt with some kinds
." ment than with others, because some
my
Be ofT.'
’	Why do wo tako vinegar with sal-
Anyway, ad, and sometimes with cabbage ?
Raw vegetables are easily enough Give us' a brown, then, digested by cows and horses ff(!b 11 dra,'n of soloop at tho next with great difficulty by the human
stomach, because they contain
T il give you nothing; stand out hard, fibrous substance—cellulose
of my way, I say." Big Bob drew Cabbage contains such a quantity of men ftp- himself up to Ids full height
looked an ugly customer to tackle
man. lie knows pretty well what .
we arc about, and he has suggested 1	11> 1,0 T'mt, Bob; do take
the plan. He is n thrifty man, glad	0no is coming," whispered
to earn an extra penny or two. lie 1	' cnn# ®s blushing deeply, she dis-
goes out a groat deal, to wait, and cnNftffo(l herself from his embrace.
1 am going with him."	The voices were heard approaching,
' But where?"	the next minute two
' At the club, at the Waldo’s, any- peered descending the stairs where where these two scoundrels go. By Jove! they're my two! I 1 11 dog them about, and I’m bound wonder whether they saw?" cried sooner or later, to catch something ; B<>b, as surrendering the lemonade to
licitn;i. lie turned and quickly re gained the supper-room "They’re a rum lot,"
"these Waldo girls.
cure
women
beautifully illustrated dressmaking and
housewife, v. hose tasks me lightened by its hints for domestic manage-
Containing a sponge . impregnated But acids dissolve cellulose, and ries oj most fn.vcir.nfn^ uit iric . on j xxoro ft khaki suit, and when with chloroform, was thrown over vinegar is an acid. That Is why wo the ‘ Viceroys of Canada Wince Lon- gaj|j0<j forth with my wcuther-beat| Bob's head, and ho became uncon- take it with salad and cabbage; and federation. 1 ms is a oranen oi en |10i,net an<] the regulation khaki scions after a very	short struggle,	doubtless that is why it tastes so	Can am an history	has i/yi	(hc	cIyK.t was simply magical. Ev-
All this took place	near tho road-	well, for tho palate is an excellent	been explored, ana tho	articles aie	CJ.y	xa\di*T 1 met saluted me, and
way leading past Marlborough House	judge of what is good for the atom-	of m0!]c thap parsing	llU[‘IVS ;	each time 1 blushed and felt wrctch-
But what Is It to in Pall Mall.	ach. Oil or cream is added, for the	Care of poult!y ami	of	the kitchen-	fi(j	^ group of men wore at the sta-
™0? (,omo on; let’s have your-news. Almost simultaneously a four- very good reason that it protects garden und a place m itsi co umns. tj *0 me ofT, and 1 shall never It may bo accessary to act without wheeled cab appeared/ from which the stomach from tho biting acid. }Character is delineated fi zm ha forget their faces when 1 first ap-
de,!ay , f	the Marquis alighted quickly, saying:	Some people take butter with per- filing	ere om^ed for *»m! ,,pon the ®ccne
1 hey entered tho supper room, and "Now. sharp’s the word.	Bundle ridge, some take sugar, and some	cash	and	kind a»o	oiï	"Oh, look at him
toOK their seats at a disengaged la- him in!”	! take buttermilk. The two latter stones, opinions and s igge.> >	weak with laughter. *
ble not far from the counter, and Bob was put into the cab, the two classes alone are gastronomically j the e(,ltoJ*J//1/*, / J"'1*,*3 «f'Tînn .rt' warrior !"
c.ose to a screen which hid the move- ruffians followed, and it was driven wise.	; ed t0 1,10 uri£	v /im They were men who had known me
¦	Wlmt docs Campata say?-	round the corner, and the Marquis tity of carbonaceous, foods. The.	Ll Lxtvnrts Ro n a Rw ' '“"ch ,uv tlum
Another season, barren of results Here is the letter." It was a ! immediately walked towards him. porridge does not contain sufficient !	* .u	,	. mmnlimei tarv
for the Waldo girls, was coding to ^ty scrap, with a few lines scrawl- “What’s up?" asked the guardian of the former, and the deficiency is off_^0r™?df.?dThe I ffiieV Imu-an end. Clara had been foiled in her ?( oa ln J’ reach, of which the follow- of the streets, motioning to the ra- admirably supplied by skimmed milk	^	V i nprlmoq be n place
attempt upon Sir Richard Daunt. ^g,s a translation:-	pidlv retreating cab.	or buttermilk. Sugar and butter are	bscïi ber s w-ho 1, ave
Augusta, who had spread her toils Warning to the master. There “Friend of mine," said the Mar- useless for the purpose. But the	\ nrmortunitv to judge tho
for the Marquis, had not progressed are hawks abroad. Some stranger is ! quis. "Mops and brooms.	Ilad to butter is wanted, too, to a small	.	r ,	:	r /	• 'Tlio	best
much further than her sister towards desperate, y amoureux of Fanchetto. I send him homo in a cab; that’s all. extent; for neither the porridge nor	\	jn Cnnadi " sa vs Mrs
a settlement in life. As for Helena, He lives in the same house In the Rue Been keeping it up rather late." the skimmed milk has enough fat.	1	: ,. Un^ton M in "J
the best of tho bunch, tho course of du Bar and I have seen them toge- I “So have I,” replied the bobby, | Tho best of all ways to take por-	...	'	w:[jlout
true love did not run smoothly for J . ’ "ke two turtle-doves in the laconically, all night long; "and I ; ridge, and by far the nicest, wnen	<4 waver ton	Niagara (,nt "I
awask:srttAr-s%-
1 V/ 1	j we’ll soon bo in bed now. Good with cream.	¦ Sevmour *stieet Vancouvei
ihc Marquis read the foregoing at- j morning, and pleasant dreams," and Why do we take butter on our ^,ackwell of £ac La Hache, B.C..
I'hcy did things well at the Wal- enlixrly more than once; then bent each went his own way.	bread? Partly because wheat en Q ^ short time ago I received
do’s. Their balls were especially	,up<m ll,s haud and thought.	To be Continued.	flour do0S not contaln enough fat, ^	' ()f tho nct0ber issue of the
popular. Not only was tho supper 'Vvll\ asked Meggitt, anxiously.	______?_____ 'and Partly because butter contains j adie‘. journai( which t read and
"E-'s%rom,	.lts =	tz
ss?'J? as. e % S'7 7 * -*-* ^-sarsu-jssart Süw s«
ilirtations and tender tete-a-tetes.	Hiall we hmi out?"	A«lft Minor, sends to a Smyrna jour- absemt from m^garinc, a it	js full of good things.” ’
The Waldo girls, old campaigners 1 here is only oneway; I must go nal particulars of an “epidemic" 6carccly be Stild 1 b 1	U ! greatly pleased with the paper
that they were, had devised a num- 0\?!v.t.!) ians and «00 for myself." among women of that town, which	*	, • writes Mrs. Tlios. Armstrong. Hall’s will strike the eves on a waxing.
V w . Sftfe for you to show has probably no parallel in modern	COFFEE - BLINDNESS.	Bridge. Ont.	Don’t above all things have child-
iheic. Won t the police be after1 experience. About three years ngo a ,r. Mnnr„ nrn invntnratc coflee- Advertisements are limited to a ren sleep so that the morning sun
young woman became subject to a llrinkor« nn(i a medical writer states attain space, and under no circum- shall shine in theii faces to arouse from one of these that Meggitt, who At that moment the Marquis kicked form of hiccough like the crow of a , . tho’ir	to fau at the stances will be accepted from any ] them.
had come late, heard proceeding a Meggitt violently under the tabic, cock, which resisted treatment ; soon	f foi t v or forty-five and many but reliable houses.	Don’t expect to get another pair ol
loud vigorous voice, which he im- as a caution to be careful, and ho after a second began to hiccough *"Q v,jn(| at flfty ;rJle aumbcr of AnY woman desiring to make her- cyes wjien these have been destroyed mediately recognized:	What do you want? Can't you I Bke a cat mewing, and in six months rj. . , th streats of Fez is impres- au fait with current thought, t>y neglect or ill-u^e ; but give them
Hush, Loon, do be more circum- leave two gentlemen to discuss their 1 thoro were 00 women in the town /.	, excessive use of cofTec is and taking advantage of this oiler, fftir treatment and they will scu vt
spent. Remember that there arc pco- private aiTairs without intrusion?" affected with what may be described \	’ ivc»n as the cause.	(will never regret having done so. faithfully to tho end.
pl • within a few feet of	“I was sent, my lord, to ask what animal hiccoughs, exceedingly	^
1 will say it in my native Span- you would take. There is soup, sal- j varied. Braying, barking and sounds tali. Queridita do mi alma! How mon, mayonnaise, chaudfroid, galan- Bke those made by the fox arc in-
long will you leave me to languish tine de volaille-" Tho waiter was eluded in the list. Dr. Dimopoulos
without hope of reward?"	'	glibly running over the Rems when sftys that to 1)0 in A room amonff ft
"Oh, Leon," faltered tho other, the Marquis interrupted him.	number of these women was like an
"what can I say when you look at "Arc you one of Mr. Waldo’s eer- experience of tho forest or a memo like that? I feel that I am vants? No? Only engaged for tho	Some men avo affected, but
yours, wholly yours^'	night? Where have I	seen you be*	the victims are mostly women. ,	_	_
“Then why deny me your hand? fore?"	which is intelligible if the doctor’s | Heoiw
Let me hold it here to roy heart. "At your lordship's club, tho «Jun- theory Is correct, that the disease, you do not love me, Augusta."	ior Belgruve, my lord.	I sometimes	for. wbich ho vouches, is a form of
“I do, do—fondly, passionately;	go there to assist."	imitative hysteria
but you are too hasty, and you ask “1 remember you now too much. When we are engaged—’’
“Till thou,” cried the Marquis, evasively, "I will snatch this kiss, tnd this, and thl
There were a faint scream, a slight struggle, and a sound that could not be mistaken. Then Meggitt, by soughing loudly, and calling the Marquis by name, put an end to the Pretty scene.
What is it? Why do you Interrupt and intrude?" he asked angrily.
How long have you been there?’’
HttV an hour or more." replied Mvggiit, with a meaning smile.
But tell we, aren't you going rather stain."
but
stall
the
would
> first with the
they may, or, at any rate, guess what they are at.”
But you will be recognized dircct-depend upon it.”
Trust me for that leading gentleman of tho Royal Roscius not able to disguise himself? Ml bet my own sister won’t know im* in my make-up.”
f do hope you will be careful. It Is a great risk."
“i'll bo bold and cautious, both. But I must do something, and this really seems to bo the best." ty of overhearing a conversation between tho Marquis and Meggitt. It was at the last ball at Carlton Gardens
I
said Meggitt, I could have
Wlmt! a sworn that fellow was kissing Helena
on tho stairs! Didn’t you see? I wonder who the man was.”
"Mu foi yes
I
" they cried. Look at tho
A FEW EYE HOSTS
Don’t allow a cold wind to strike the eyes.
Don’t have colored shades on the lumps ; use white or ground glass.
Don’t go directly from n wmn room into a cold, 1 aw atmosphère.
Don't open the eyes under water in bathing, especially in salt water.
Don’t let any strong light like electricity shin* in tho eyes.
Don’t strain tho eyes by reading, sewing or any like occupation, with an imperfect light.
X
her. as wo arc aware. She saw Bob Surtees but rarely, and always by stealth
deed.
tier
J. S Crowe, 1124
Miss A.
!
The future was black, in
Don't bathe inflamed eyes with cold that which is us warm us
watex
can be borne is bellei
Mrs
It
Don’t sleep opposite a window, in
that a strong Jight
I am
such a manner
ber of snug nests cunningly contrived for solitary couples that desired to withdraw from the crowd. It was * OM
Make a Test of the Kidneys
3Q
t
Scores and hundreds of people who are complaining almost daily of backache, pains In the limbs, not unlike rheumatism, and stinging, scalding sensations when urinating, do not know that they are in reality suffering from kidney derangements. Gradually they become thinner and weaker, experience more or lose puf-flness under the eyes and swelling of the limbs, and feel chronic disease fixing Itself upon the system.
It Is not necessary for you to undergo an expensive examination to find out if the kidneys are diseased. You can make the examination for yourself. Take a clean glass vessel and allow some urine to stand in it for twenty-four hours. If at that time there are deposits in the bottom of the vessel you can be certain that the kidneys are not in healthy working order. This test, accompanied by the symptoms referred to stove, are Indisputable evidence of kidney disease
You were there last night; and, what is more, you were given to the same trick of listening thcn^H^B
IS NOT AN APPETISER.
Why do we take pepper, mustard, and other spices ?
They tickle the glands of the stomach, and make them work. Consequently they produce an abundant supply of digestive Juices. They also stir up the liver—a very necessary function in the case of people who live sedentary live*. The less craving you have for spices, the stronger are your digestive organs, But you advance in years, you will do well to call in the aid of tho spices, whclh « desire them or not.
If I only thought
you wer
It was now AToggitt’s turn to interrupt. He gave tho servant an order for supper, and with such intention that the Marquis knew it was to get the man for a moment out of tho way.
"It is a rum go. There is more in heard tho Marquis say abruptly to a servant wao was standing by: this than meets the eye That’s the cunP we saw kissing Helena on the
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills
There Is no longer any question about tho efficiency of Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills as a prompt, as | thorough and lasting cure for every form of kidney disease. Their combined action on the kidneys and liver enables them to cure chronic and complicated diseases which cannot be touched by ordinary kidney medicines. You can depend on Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills ev*ry time. Cno pill a dose. 23 cents a box, at all dealers or Edmondson, Bates & Co., Toronto.



	

i
—
	
###PAGE###8###
E. HODCINS & SON'S A DVT.
Bargain Hunters’ Delight.
Our
STEWART’S
BOOT* SHOE STORE.
LEADERS:
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at- -
We have just received another small lot of
OUR FAMOUS
$15.00
$12.50
Men’s Overcoats
A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers.
9
Navy Beaver at $4.00#
$1.00

Grey Union Flannel
9
A. H. McGUIRE.
13 Gents per yard.
Something Swell.
News'of the War.
Oil Tan Moccasins :
Ladies’ Dongola Boots, laced and buttoned ; real good, fashionable and well made at
Boer General Taken.
London, Nor. 21.—A despstoh from Lord Kitchener, dated from Pretoria Nor. 21, ears Commandant Buys has been captured after attacking a patrol of one hundred railroad pteneere on the Vaal river near Villendorp.
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
Men’s - -Men’s No. 1
98c.
$1.25 a pair. These Boots compare favorably with our regular two dollar goods—
$1.25.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Men s Long Top - 2.50. Boys Children’s
Boer Conspiracy Discovered.
Johannesburg, Nov. 22.—Anotherecn-1 Fall and Winter Time Card
; ntiai ErtcycroBEB m, mi.
ia^TA''=,r;.;' No 1 Train leaves 0t-lowed.	I tawa (Central Station)
at 4.45 a m., daily except Sunday.
Remember our price, Qnly $1.25.
}
1.00.
75c-
Our Xmas Novelties coming early in
December
CAVT. ELLIOTT KILLED.
| Cape Town, Nov. 22.—A British patrol under Capt. Elliott left Ugiea, a
’SSfdSKT I No. 2 Train arrives at Ot-
day. It discovered a Boer commando,	t&WB (CGHtr&l St at! Oil)
under Betuidenhout on Galberg Nek in	I	of QdR Q m /loîlvr	û-v
the Drakenberg. Capt. Elliott attacked	*	* a	* daily	0X-
the Boers, who were driven up the	J	C6pt SllIluR y,
mountain in disorder, losing six killed, one wounded and 40 horsts captured.
Cspt Elliott and one private wera killed and three officers wounded.
Men’s Long-top
Hard Beefskin MoCCaSÎnS :
For ticket* apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
P. W. RKSSEMAN, Gen’lSup’t.
E. HODGINS & SON.
Pooliac Paie Jonction By.
----o----
Three Rivers Brand - -
Lived a Swinish Life.
Official Time Table :
$2.25.
A writer in the Pall Mall Gazette speaks of Boer habits :—
The majority of the Boer families—I mean the Veld Boers, says Mr. J. Emerson Neilly, always lived a swinish life.
They seldom washed; a bath was a thing unknown to them; they mostly slept in their clothes, often in their boots; and all around their habita were in the last de-j gree filthy. InMafeking,asis perhaps well 7.45 known, we laagered the women at a dis-| tance from the town, and for protection | s.12 I against the enemy’s tire they were <|uar-! tered in a huge covered in trench.—11<w Arrive
Among tbe occuoanU were man, Dutch -nag Station. iT.nk. rFl.g Station.
«k.H.iua.v
The Englishwomen were cleanly. She '	*
looked after herself and her children as well as the circumstances of the seige permitted, and kept the fresh air as much as possible. The Dutch women and children, on the contrary, were unspeakably filthy, almost without exception.
They never washed themselves or cleaned their portions of the trench; they lived, slept, and ate there, and it would be an offence against decency if I described the state of things they promoted. The trench was not cleaned or ventilated for months, and the natural happened —
There was an outbreak of diphtheria, and some kind of filthy disease the doctors eould not exactly diagnose. Children
S*	| Tatrsurares
Enliahwomen moved from the laager, I	EASTERN DIVISION,
preferring the risks of shellfire in their Trains leave OTTAWA. Central Depot, own houses to the horrozs of the filthy 8;30 AvIi,Dail3»\ f£r Rock,an<1. Hawks-.ad foetid trench.	I &
Arrives Montreal 11.45 a. in., stops ai all intermediate C. A. R. stations ; has parlor car Ottawa to Montreal.
M. Dally except . Hawkesbury, M
A.M.
Arrive 9.45 "	9.21
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckeurldge fEardley Parker’s Crossing t'Mohrs Quyon Wymans tTank Bristol McKee’s Bhawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay tTank Î* Vinton Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
6 (K)
6.12
M
9.06
6.18
8.56
626
M
8.50
187
8.40
147
««
Guns,
8.22
1.56	“
Overshoes :
8.14
6.58
8.06
7.04
8.02
7.26
7.52
7.31
6.00
7.18
803
7.16
• 4
â I
7.06
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.
Our ever increasing sale of these Overshoes is a sufficient guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
8.30
Rifles,
Ammunition,
ARMSTRONG BROS
6.64
6:47
I.
6.39
Leave 6.30
P. w. RESSEMA N,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
9
RAILWAY
I
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT.
OTTAWA «c MONTREAL.
BJ
LADYSMITH.
P. S.—Hardware.
Barbadoee Excited.
4.10 P
Bund %y. for Rock- — ....	_	, ont real, Quebec and
all points east, arrives mont real 7. 25p.m I Stops at all Intermediate C A R. stations. Connects at Coteau Jet. with Grand Trunk
teti'ttr*1 Has parior
land
Felt
Goods ;
PROPOSALS TO IMPORT NEGRO DOMESTICS FROM THE ISLAND TO CANADA.
Watch
Chains
Some weeks ago the aervant girl problem was working the women of Toronto, 1*1? PS Dally except Punduy, for New
Our stock of Felt Goods I BESS HE
was discussed with much interest. Ifc appears that the people of Birbadoes
have heard a1! about it and the negro J Arnprior. Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke girls are greatly excited over the proa- Wadawaska,Parry Bound and Intermediate pect of being sent to Canada to enter * fclallone-
domestic service. The government of the I • J™«D£lttte.0ltawB,Central deP°1» daily
la'.nd have .'so Uken up the matter 82B A. M. E.pr... for Pembroke Parry senously and has communicated with the Bound and intermediate st lions.	y
authorities here to ascertain i ha facta of LOOP M. Mixed for Madawaska
the proposed migration scheme which ,l Wdllte	t>^k ,
the colored popu ntion assumed to be awaskaand Intermediate station-/ lanched under government auspices. Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except Bun-
“ta I	»& „
eat part. Yet on this area of 100,470 acres there is a population of 192,000, or 1,150 to the square mile.
car
is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable as the goods.
Middle and Western Divisions.
Call and see our large assortment of Ladies’ and Gents’ Gold-filled Chains, guaranteed from 5 to 20 years.
and in-Mad-
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell House Block
COR. ELGIN AND SPARKS STS.
Los Angelos, Ca1., 21—Saven pars m were killed and 17 injured in a wreck
which ccseirod on the Santa Fe railway I Seven hundred and 6fty million dollars »t a «witch station 20 mile, eait of Needle., .re .pent yearly in Germany f, t intoxicat-C*l, Limited trains, east end west bound, ing liquors It is estimated that the avenge
«me together while running at full speed. German consumes five glasses of eniriVs The men killed were train hands and a day.	y
their deaths followed the explosion of s
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
M. STEWART,
»
SHAWVILLE.
# #
# #
boiler. The heavy vestibule cars pro- John Ansley, a printer of Trenton N tectrd the pa smgers and only three J., fell from the Reading Railway bride* were seriously injured. Fire followed the over the Deleware river at Yardley a coll sion and bunred moat of the cars. I distance of 100 feet, and still lives.
• #
# #
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
8
MAIN STREET .... SHAWVILLE.
\
h-


— fy---


I

