###PAGE###1###
V
7

V

Vr'lTf
t
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q.,
THURSDAY, MAY 18, 181*9.
Voi. XVI, No. 45.
! «.. oSB^ÏSSîm
BANK OF OTTAWA
“THE EQUITY ”
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
Maple Syrup for suie stj. H. Shaw’s
general house- ^ M. Donaldson,
Have you tried Dowd’s 41 High Loaf ' Flogr 1
A case of smallpox was reported from Hawkesbury last week.
Girl Wanted—to do work. Apply to Mrs. G Shawville. *
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, 91.00 per Annum,

store
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 91,600,000.00 Rest................ 91,170,000.00
Hath.— We have the finest range of
lata in town—See them.	J» H. bn aw.	Wanted.—Good frenh eggs in exchange
The city of Hull experienced . twelve f°r g<MxU Ht	MoCmme’..
thousand dollar tire on Tuesday last	Grand entertainment, Portage du
^	up tat
this line, largest, newest and best stock ,	wrinkle the face of an Egyptian mummy,
in County.	jp jj gHAW Rev. W. P. Bosbart, well known here- 40,000 years old, into a smile. However,
a choir»	.	, ,	abouts, hss secured the degree of B. D. there will be no mummies there, either
uLtrAz £ E V"52r	«'•«• «»•	~	—•
lt*n Mills.	a. HoisiiNs.	^ *	v	Mr. Chrysostome Langelier, euperin.
Mr S A	i •	Ottawa, Amprior, and Parry tendent of the bush rangers in the pro-
that h« « ill k« in flu -h**/0 e*n”°.ulnoe Hound Railway has carried over one mil- vince of Quebec was in Hull last week on Muv 10th till l./ Rwvilli' from Friday, lion bushels of grain since navigation avery important mission. He is going
’	0 une*	' opened about three weeks ago.	to appoint special cullers and shippers for.
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals WANTED-General and local .gent. In the government at the various saw millet, any in the market. For sab by A. Smilev ev.e.ry unrepresented County, for a quick of the Chaudière, which cut logs taken
Shawville, from $20 up.	Dreggûu? write ,roJ? th.e Pro.,inee of Quebec limlte'
Mr S A M.rlravarwi u i i . at once for special terms.	Mr Langelier says he wants to ascer-
hv minonT 7 d ^mily left here	HERB a HOOT MEDICAL CO.. tain the annual losses to the revenue by
tresl	Thur8day mornmS’ for Mon-	Montreal. the a,!cged carelessness of the ordinary
Renfrew papers announced last week cullers. Mr. Langelier claims that the The Catholic Foresters of Pembroke, the death of Mr. W. J. O'Harro, one of Quebec government is cheated out of at will have an excursion to Ottawa on 0^e#t citizens of that town. His least $160,000 yearly in that way.
Wednesday next, 24th inst.	Sh&iZiictno™	^	AmoriorWatcham :-A «Recovery of
See Cuthbertson & Graham's large	*	valuable mica deposits has been made on
stock of lounges and parler suites at sur- A four pound gold nugget reached Ot* the Lynn farm at the foot of the
prisiogly low prices, quality considered. *SWA *aBl we®k from the works of the Ot- Schneaux rapids. Capt. Ricard brought tu	j0.,l ;	- ,	^ *	tawa Hydraulic Mining Company at	several samples to town on Friday, which
li	s announced of	Mr. Peter	North Bend, B. C., on the Fraser river,	may be seen at the Watchman office.	The
Pembroke " 16	‘ e* r08,denls of The nugget is valued at $1,100.	mineral is of a superior quality, being
....	.	'	,	.	Mr. James Hattie, of Cornwall, was	free from nmoke eaHny separated.
The latest styles m wurtteds, English, elected Moderato* of the Preslwterian and nm.f ,more, Hux‘l’Ic than the m,ca Scotch and Canadian t H oads at the Pon- Synod of MontrJl and Ottawa, at the «dinanly found in these parte Then,
t.ac Woollen Mills.	meeting of that body held in Cornwall t s‘,d to beany 'l»a"tity of it on
A. Hodoinh. last week.	[premises. The proposed Georgian Bay
¦pr . . . ,	, • vai	îf	I canal will pass close by the deposits,
j •	vo een of nightly occurrence The Morgan Comedy Co. have some- which only require such transportation
. , *1® . * *>a3t	we have n°l thing new which they will not make pub- facilities to make the work of the mine a
lean	ia	« aui fgo	to the crops	has re:	lie until the evening of May 23rd, at the	paying investment foi the owner*
J. “	,	f10110 1,1	1,0	and all	The programme at Brys m concert will	his bed by some one calling that ho	was
ere receive prompt attention at mod- be pleasant and entertaining. The com- wanted lo quell a row near the Indian era c c aiges.	mittee are sparing neither pains nor ex- River bridge. Ho proceeded with his
Dentistry.—Dr. Stackhouse, sr., Sur-1 Pense to P*ace l^e event in the front man as far as McCaughey’s corner, when geon Dentist, will be at BhawviilV tn ran^‘ Don't forget the date.	he was set upon by County Constable
Tuesday, May 86 h a773* * at Camp - Destroy «ie ItM caterpillars while tbe^a“d Night Watchman Jos-boil’s Bay, Wednesday 31st. Please are y°ung, or they will destroy your trees, j oph Tann, who assault cc him in a most call early. Painless extraction.	A preparation ot ten cents worth of bit- terrible manner. Mr. Josepa Somerville,
T, i j ( lit.,, ,	, ter aloes and a little pans green sprayed w^° was awakened by the row, took. Mil
The body of Donald Snell, of Brock- 0n the nests, or where it will reach the ,er t0 Dr* Jo8ePhs’ where his wounds,	%
^ille, supposed to have been murdered at	crawlers will	slay them.	We advise &	which were principally on the face	iere
The Shawville Marble and Oran	Haihor last fall, has been found,	slaughter of	the insects,	or they will	attended to- Constable CampbelU^was
ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor .V10	death is being mves- mRke a great loss in the orchards.	summoned, and warrants were atgpuce
turns out a superior class of work in Mon-	*7 the Ontario Provincial Police.	issued by Police Magistrate MitcheW for
Sis isstai tar •
____________ pointed	Exchanges Wanted.—An ensi age boy1m the boafc was subsequently res wards admitted out on bail. The assault
The Grand Calumet Mining Company	machine ingotxl repair will be exchanged	cued*	is said to have been the outcome of	bad
GEO« C« WRIGHT, has taken over the Zenith inmo at Ross-	for Milch cows, and a good second-hand	Mr Colon McIntosh acting for Mrs	fellings which has been generating	be-
72 MAIN ST - HULL CUE
®__0______ ULL VUE. | pore, M. P., is president of the com-	Rutcher, Shawville. | ,.lcHon for $20,000 danmgvs as the result
pa ny.
Mr. Phillip Sparling, and old resident ot Thorne township, passed away last week. Hii remains were interred on Friday.
>
Board of Directors :
Charles Maoee, Esq., President. George Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
John Mather, BkQ.. David MacLarkn, Bkq.,
' Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
How. Oeo. 1.1 by son, Jr. Alex. Fraser, Esq ,
T
Dennih Murphy, Esq.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary line», or "poetry*41 QKffîtOFBURN,
case.
General Manager. ..	.. Manager.
J. A. COWAN, Publither.
Drafts issued on all Banking pointa In the Dominion, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.	,
W. W. IRELAND,
Bums of gl and upwards re;,%ed U Savings Department. Interest credih *. Aalf yearly.
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
Office Hours—10a. ip«t*3p. m. Saturday 10a.m. to p. m.
shawville - -
QUE.
>5
)
8
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. 0., C. M.,
%
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uuiveiaity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Office and Residence : J. H Armstrong's House MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
tc
OF GAIT ADA.
, CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
WM. GAMBLE,
Head Office, • Montreal.
- ¦ 0——
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.	<
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol-f | lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
•
Office Hours .
Saturdays . .
BARRISTER, &o.,
159 Main Street, , .
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main St.
. Hull.
Court Shawville
No. 876.
I.O.F
1%
10 A.M. TO 3 I\M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A PARKER, Manager.
Meet* the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
9
L.B.C
ïocttl tînâ EmmL
J. A. Cowan, R S. S
H. S. Barnett, F.8
Hugh Hob ns, C. R.
Gentlemen—Seo our shirts, colllars and ties; new lines just in
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, l. D. 8., D.D.S
J. H. 8haw
J
Seeds.—Field and garden seeds ot all kinds now in stock.

' J. U. Shaw.
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets,
far 8|iecial attention given to appointments made by mail.
' OTTAWA
Before you invest in a spring suit the elegant stock of suitings and panting* at the Pontiac Woollen Mills.
A. Horunts.
see


BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit-Shawville every Monday
Arthur McConnell,
J
w

F
y
A Lamented Death.—-About 8 p. m.
Corne and ineoect our stock of macht-1 °/ ^drowning of her husband in the on Friday May 5th, Mrs. H. Landon of
Bee Supplies of all kinds can be pro nery 0f a|i kinds. We have just the kind APPieton bridge accident. This makes i Chichester, breathed her last at the
I cured at the Yarm apiary, also new and 0f goods to suit the farmer, and they are a ^	$21,550 claimed from the cor- of 59 years in the presence of her husband
- second»hand boxes, all complete for the consequently going like hot cakes. Be Poratlon °* Bamsay owing to the col- and children and a large number of re-
JAS. HOPE & Co#	bees. A good second-hand extractor for in the swim and secure the best. * lapse of the bridge. It is likely to be a | latives. If ever the principle of kind-
¦'VfANUFACTüRJNG STATIONERS,BOOK8EL !***?&*#	Italian queens ordered when |	A. S.MILBY. 1 big fight
-IvJl lers, Bookbluders Printers, etc. Depository required. Address f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlblcSociety,Ottawa, Ont.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts in Pontiac I)te. trict when required

I
age
?
ness was incarnated in a wife and i \f \r	e il *	. mother it was in her. No woman was a
M flHMMl W
K.«% Sil	h„ ,h. w SAsp.	JSItSLSSS
floated down the Ottawa to the Bay. 1, been considered by the Conned.	I Lge unmalried, and wa» a .on of th! <* «»• vicinity,
set ms the parties in charge failed to get A recent issue of the Ottawa Citizen late William Scharfe, of Templeton he boom snubbed, and the contents went hft(| ^he following item 44 It is stated was expected to return home soon, when ¦ ver ne aiimiet h alls.	-- good authority that Austin Bowen, I a telegram announcing hie death was re-
Mr. W. J. Connelly, of Norclifle, Kip- who is n<>w *?rvin*	|n Kfin«; Iceive(L
iüPi mm id
One of our worthy and respected eiti- down for attempted hold-up near Brae- but ten men are at work now, the num
zens in company with a party of four side of the paymaster of McLachlin >V1‘ w >vt considerably increased later Peas.
Bristolians had a very unpleasant and, Bros., Arnprior, on which charge he was on when the work is in full swing. Five Buckwheat..
we fancy, somewhat ‘‘chilly ” adventure arrested shortly after the murder. The hie making machines have been placed in Rye..
on Saturday evening. It seems the party gang of which Fitzstenhens, now in position, and several experts brought Eggs, (fresh,)
referred to were crossing from the other Hull jail, Thompson, Thomas, WilAon from outside works to operate them. | Wool.
side of the river, and were about half and others were members, also included It le the intention to supply the Can- Butter.|
way over, when the wind suddenly arose, Bowen, it is stated, and they were work Minn market, and also pay particular at- pork per 100, dressed preventing them from reaching shore on ing in and about Almonte at the time of tention to the Ottawa Valley demands, Beef.. this side, and were in consequence, the murder.” It was not McLachlin which, owing to the extensive lumber Hay pe obliged to take refuge and remain on an Bros.1 paymaster Bowen was arrested for industry, will be considerable. Messrs. Calfskins island till ten o’clock on Sunday. Bet- j attempting to hold-up, but Mr. Fred Bingham and Tenney are promoting the Hides ter take the ferry next time, A î	I McLachlin, paymaster for Gillies Bro^f industry.	,	. Pelts.
J
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AIL1FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT X> Shawville . Que., respectfully solicits gageraentsfor any business in connection th all Courts In the County, Collections made and prompt return «assured

en
wl
sho
<S
as
42
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress#
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
PONTIAC HOUsf


He


1
For the Very Busy Header



on
Event—Concert.
Time—May 23rd.
Place—Bryson.
Degree—The very highest

O'
—

Shawville Produce Quotations.
3*
i
30 Sr. 31
60 i«,<
38to 40 37 to 40
Oats
&
t
• • • •
• • •

• • •
*4/0
J
...	16 to 18
.... N. 13
4.75 îo 5 00
4	00 to 4.50
5	50 to 7 00 .... 35». 40 5 00 to 5 75
.. Arb 75
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
• • PROPRIETOR
/ C. CALDWELL,
lih\ë hotel will be sound fully equipped fW the accommodation of the public generally, and especially commercial men. Free 'bus meets all trains. Go* d livery in connection.
Ladles' and gents Hrye’e» k* t * « r Mi#
• #
# e
# #
r ton
• s •
e •
###*####*»
t •



/
IK
v v

1
L
/
V. VV V ^ \,V
v- .
VV v v>
I
V
;
v
f
/
V
r

V
I
\
l

V
/

t
\ r

v
V

\
/
' V Hi
/
/V

1
Ï
A
V
V



i wm
###PAGE###2###

PAT ABOUT TOUR TEETH?
WWWWWWWbJWWWVrtWWiWWWVWVW** I potatoes; add enough hot milk to soft. « 1 '
2 them, and make into cakes or bulls, I ‘
HOUSEHOLD. 115	15;
à. potatoes of uniform size; wash well; bake in a hot oven until soft. Pinch
them to break the skins and let the | Mervtl up Helds or Iront the Rwalk Pole, [parts of Canada
Never cover them.
Macon —
Slice cold bo.led potatoes in a baking dish; cover the top with thin slices of
WOLVES IN CANADA
REAT FLOOD IMPENDING
U.rw < «u.r.l	'PM'' ".
ami lliiiilri'* by Ihrlr li.vrrusr.
PINION OF A PKOMINENT DENTIST
ON THE SUBJECT.
«month I GEOLOGISTS SAY THE END OF MAN
MAY COME AT ANY TIME.
the nu ni
Au enormous increase in her of wolves is reported from nnn>

111,* most common ] Ur. Hell .innounce* Thai we Are lt*|ihlly
li Hrlnu n •• Toolhlrt» Age," and Telle
ix nous
KAN1NU TIME.
To freshen old furniture, wash in lime water; when dry, apply a coat of
wolf, wild its
» lien Minin. Irmly Thu>tr«l Will Mrcnk , variety is the great gr¦»> ¦ I ¦ ami Ku*ti mi Nor 111 to Overt* ImIiii ihe | reappearance in the lumUei diet riels of
has created a good
s .- I in < s< ipe
Potatoes and Breakfast
Win ll In «ml Ho» lo Avert It.
That a "toothlew ago'* is near at hand for this country, if not, indeed, fur tho entire civilized world, is the theory of a New York dentist of pro-
"We are
I* vllUvd W orlil
the	Oi
Is the world to have another great |deal of alarm limting settlers and lum-delugef There are scientists who L0linen in sp.uacly inhabited districts.
A nnmbei of wolves luw b, rn dea-i he fluud, say Bible | boyad by poi on snd the diias students, was some 4,000 years ago.
Since then, says the historian, there have been several wholesale deluges.
oil
Wipe tarnished or fly specked gas and lamp fixtures with a damp cloth; let dry, then cover with/ a coat of white paint, when this is dry, re-gild.
Cover pantry shelves and wash stands in common use with oil-cloth.
It Is inexpensive, comes in bright colors and pretty patterns and if occasionally wiped with a wet cloth sIowly uimi 80ft, but not broken.
keeps clean and fresh.	Mr tin off every drop of water and
When the mica in stoves becomes piace. uncovered, on back of range to disco.ored, take out the pieces if pus- lei the steim escape. Sprinkle with I "authorities" oil the question is to be sible. and put them, in a vinegar bath salt. Potatoes with their jackets on | taken, the only hope fur the dwellers for a few hours; them polish with a are treated the same way. except you soft dry cloth. If they cannot be ic peel off one half inch of skin around moved, rub with a cloth dipped in hot each potato.
vinegar and polish as before.	Stuffed Sweet Potatoes.-Wash six
1 oclean a piano use luko warm water white castile soup and a piece of cheese cloth. Wash a small surface, work rapidly, and dry, first with a piece of old soft canton flannel; then rub vi h anolher until there is a good pi li<h.
Go over the woodwork in tins way.
These directions are given by a piano dealer.
When ink is spilt on a carpet or garment, at once cover the place with a thick paste of starch and cold water to the depth of an inch and let it dry.
Or take it up with blotting paper, wash
well in sweet or sour in.lit, then cover with white corn inoil and leave twelve hours, j or dry inkstains. souk in milk, and repreat the above several times.
Place on the
until the I maintain that the Biblical tragedy may
sweet breakfast bacon upper grate in the oven meat begins to brown and then brown | be repeated, the potatoes in the bottom of the oven Drain off tbe fat and semi to the table looking hot.
and I nu nonce, l>i'- Victor C. Bell
becoming a 'toothless people,' and that
heads of several have been taken to
vetry fast," says the lkx'tor. l>r. Hell first brought these views of
only common poison
Quebec.
found strong « " 4 ll ( ^ ^ ^ alll, I his before the public in a lecture undei
sublimate have nil proved in-1 **10 management of the New Yorh
Ihe
and peel
six potatoes; soak in cold water; cover with boiling, salted water, and boil
Hotled Potatoes.—Wash
Anil now, say some of the geologists, the entire civilized world—moaning the continents of North and South Aui-
A unite
strychnine corrosive l
effective. About two grains uf st>> enou, Kurvye ami Asia-is threatened	is mixed with u liitle tallow
with destruction. If the word of some
Hoard of Education, and nc illustrated his statement with magic lantern pic*
till 08
forming a small ball, and covered with
This is left with
"To begin with," said Dr. Bell, in his lecture, "1 must nuke this bold statement, 'We uxe becoming n tooth-
FOT otherwise haw can of I wo account for the fact that thou»-
a coating, of grease a portion of a deer's can ass or suuu
in thest lands is to fly to Africa and Australia as soon as possible, else no modern Noah will live to tell the tale.
thing of (bat kind.
Various reasons are given
for the less people
present increase in the nunibci wolve*. One is undoubtedly the aboli- un,to of people to-day are wearing art I-
their heads, paid fioial teeth, aad there are as many
In thousands who would wollt them il u| they could afford to buy them? Look at our little children at the age of
Make I The alarmists maintain it may come at any hour. Others assert that the
medium sized sweet potatoes them in a moderate oven until they
lion of the bounty on some time ago the Government the Yukon, when^ihey are just now
huge ice fields, which have taken centuries in forming, will not break up in a day, or in a week, or even a oeu-
begin to «often and then cut a small
piece from the end of each potato, and
with a teaspoon scoop out the inside into a bol bowl.
sou toe of great annoyance to miners,
Mash them I tury. On the whole, it is safe to con- the ferocious beasts have been uppar-|two; their little teeth are already moot b and mix with them two table-	elude that most of the present gene-	cntly driven to follow the miners near-	decayed.	Our girls at	the age	of four-
spoouiUis ot melted butter, one-half	ration shall have been long forgotten	er to their oanips than heietuioie «> I	teeJl an<i alxteen hive	beautiful teeth
aitzrzfÆTwg-' -	h... ..«aa
Flavor with grated lemon rind, nut- before the continents specified return by the newcomers, thus depriving the many ins tançais they are artificial. Our
meg and brandy.	Stuff	the	skins	to their former position at the bottom wolves of their custom try food. ! mothers and fathers at the age of
wiih this mixture; then return the 0f ^ oceans.	j dangerous have they b» cunn' m 1 forty and fifty cannot boast of having
not a toes to the	oven	to	heat	hbmdyko that the Government is	now
thoroughly. 'Serve them hot and in	SOUTH-POLE ICEFIELDS.	employing a part of its Northwest many sound teeth,
the skins.	All geologists agree that mountains	Mounted Police force in poisoning |	MEANT	FOIL PERMANENT	USE.
Hashed Brown Potatoes.—One large	upon mountains of ice exist at the	‘hem. In olhet P«"«ita ()f	111,1 m~
....	,	,	,	V .1 I» 1 wT ,	,	1,1	try it la said to be# the abundant - of
boiled potato chopped fine; grease a | South l ole. Numberless books have gam ,hat is an^weiai 1 ‘ for the recent I acute suffering amt ikiiii these people pan with one tahiespoonful of butter! been written on the fact that the cun- swarms of wolves in the neighborhood through, how many sleepless nights The ground	should	be	loamy	and	and press the potatoes into it with the	tuients of Europe, Asia, and the Am-	of civilization. The red deer, of which
heavily fertilized	with	well-rotted	palm of your hand. Dust with a little	ericans once lay thousands of feet uu-	‘h\ xxolv‘‘s lirt* 1‘11111 ul*11 *> fond, and
stable manure, which should be tber-	water* Throu*h 801110 cause’ the ; Uikcn by them .have multiplTe d exo'eiU
place in the oven and w ben brown exact nalure of whivh w unknown to ingly all over the province of Quebec told like an omelet am i serve.	| modern science, Uie South Pole at-!within ‘he last year or two, so that in
tracts the waters of the earth into its
but do not bo deceived ; in
"Now when you consider how much
CULTIVATING ( VItYSANTllEMIJMS
and restless days they puss before they arrive at that happy moment whim they have gotten rid of their own teeth and can wear artificial ones instead, you will naturally ask yourself the question, lias the Creator given
oughly incorporated with the soil to a depth of 18 inches, writes \V. \V. Walker
many parts of the country they have Income a positive injury to fur mers by
ux feeding upon their crops. This in- us theme organ* for temporary use and gravity of the globe. This operation, crease in the natural food of the wolv- with the intention of inflicting suf-Stiys u noted scientist, is not singular, es has doubtless hid much to do with
the augmentation of their own unrobe rs
fThe land should be well
drained and so located that the sun,
the wind and the rain may play upon it ns they will. The chrysanthemum, Said nn housekeeper to the writer
like the rose, abhors shade. If the soil 0,1 0,10 °°casion’ *'A boiUn* teakettle
at your disposal is a stiff, heavy clay meuns a «°°il cook- one *1™** «“P1* you must mix in a generous coat of ,vlls a slatterns in the kitchen. In
sand, or your flowers will not do their j lll° present day the condition of the best. Bo careful to get your plants lcebox is perhaps a better sign, from a reputable florist. Don't run * leanliness in the refrigerator is of after novelties, but get standard sorts (be highest importance. When stray of the colors you desire. It is a good hits of food and vegetables are allowed idea to get many plants, but few varie- 10 collect under the racks, microbes ties. If, for example, you wish to have maT reasonably be expected
icy grasp and changed the center
LOOK TO THE REFRIGERATOR
feting upon u«f* No, they were giv-
___,. They follow the deer very fro- I us to last us through life. If we
turo. It may be that such swayiugs ,quen ly right out into the clearings, do lose them prematurely aud if we backward and forward of the great an 1 unless they are destroyed will not \ do suffer excruciating pain while we
seas have taken place periodically for take long to deplete the country
game. It is a well-known fact that much of the stiffenng and distress of
but uue of the regular seasons of na-
of have them, it is due to our own carelessness, negligence and ignorance of ..	..	, I. .	the first priciples of hygiene which
habited the globe some 4.0ÜU or 12,000 ior o/l'Œ ami oUthv co^uent"
or 20,000 years, there have been and deervasi- in their number has been due . , oau	more to those state-
to the great havoc wrought by wolves mKUts •• said yr. Bell, the day after hi* among the Caribou upon which they i,*.,ure
^ed*	tee,h are going in this generation. It
is due to the food we eat, to the artifi* cal conditions of the life of lo-tl-ay, IS the lack of cure and attention i>eopU give to their mouths.
"Now here La a owe Ln point toothpick is nut considered proper in More th in 4,(<K) OiK) women work for f ashionable society after a meal, and
Yef
periods of time incomprehensible by man, and that instead of having iu-
shall be men on earth for eternities
It in not realized how the
All the traditions of every ancient race
100 plants, get 25 varieties, four of Once a week have everything re- pvint to some great flood ; ail the re-
each kind. The reason for this is that moved and washed out with hot suits. | search of archaeology Indicate that the
Thrust a long slick with a cloth tied entire world was once submerged. Noah _l to it through the waste pipe, then may only have been the true story of ®Mr<L°, curing and saving thiough scald the pipe. Wash out once more a philosopher, who had sufficient I The Minneapolis cuifew law applies »l. «Uships at least one that u a per- witb cold water aud vinegar, wipe knowledge of history to foresee the t .. children under IQ i cl piaui w hich you can force to an j^y and let air for a few m uuies, This great deluge aud provide accordingly.
extra Lue flower. The chrysanthe- pr^ss renders it pure and sweet. However all this may be, it is most ¦ .	„	....	,
muni is not particular as to time of Lemons, bananas, cold cabbage, and evident that at some time past the tbiMI llvinK 111 t,real lbllaiD*	. flo-sa silk is almost neveu used
sitting out. Any time from the mid-	mu<l hinds of fish	should be excluded	operation of changing the center of Since 1787 the exports of the Unit- buth of these, if people would only reu-
die vl April to the middle of June will j	frt>m lhe refrigerator. Rutier	and	giavity of the globe has at least once I e,\ States have amounted to $84,852,- li/e ,lt; are good things. After ^unj
js.srt-ts»its*“•	-*•s.:**°J---**-•***>,u rsr1 ï-sïss
ïork'wotli» be'about ' M;!,	Is del»» u,Led her. 1 " “ ILI. TAKE PLACE Al'.AIN. j Letler, ],¦*. bet.ee» P.iris .ltd Ile,- w',"»' Vile ,'»!ïüel« *o’l' t«il“d.‘omp£i
and later or earlier than that as we	...v1.' *1. "V	thp i “iL	The learned men who claim the calam- lin, a distance of 750 miles, in thirty-! and an acid is formed which attacks
go north or south.	anywosre aooui	me uuuso.	iiy is impending, base their assertions Lve minutes. Pheumaic tubes aie the enamel and finally combines witk
Set the plant deep, half fill the hole	- W» the well-substantiated fact that *##&	1 the laltl of the teeth to destroy them
s5"”ïï;= -
They will not drop a leaf Within a ^,s 8een lts bcdl days- lbe ®enaI" tance of the site of the supposed Pole, Visiting cards of iron are popular in 10 81x1 J	of	a*e *ro™ aix >	^
few days suck a light stake down by annual clean-up and confusion is, to found, say in 1875, that the tempera- Germany. The name is printed in	^hU	seVms	u*
each plant and train the plant to it the joy of mankind and womankind turo at certain latitude was so and so; silver. The thickness of the cards is miinü. i.,,* i. n^wriheless true
Ea^rHBrl	ssr^V:
BU», your <1 e-si re is to raise the largest and the modern house-keeper have degrees. This U not supposition, but ed States Is about 81.500.0:10 0UU on in-	linulT vegetable organon
mm msarnigMmsm e*
cive vour ’niants nlentv^f water lho reKime of the "new woman ' to he cas lhc size increasing as we near the	--- reason of the country’s progress to.
DE8.«E A^.
H H.,rr nf small-!,.* hud A a nnf	ago considered necessities are an un- bowlders were transported those The professor was explaining to the children. If these temporary teeth
¦nd on it for vour flower hut rut kno‘vn quantity in the up-to-date thousands of years ago only by one of class at a girl’s high school the theory a*® had, he says, the permanent teeth off iust above the last branch house. Yes	we are seeing the last of	nature's great cataclymns.	according to which the	human frame will be weakened. And yet very little
and continue the plant with that “house-cleaning"	season, and the joker	PROBABLE OUTCOME.	is Completely renewed	every seven attention is paid to a child s first
wmmsdmmm mm ###
mm::=mmsp
with plant-bed cloth. The stuff for |	The glaciers of Greenland and other or twice a week—anH	I Another important tendency the
the roof should be of ducking and so	^	'*	northern territories will at once at- my trousers, just as vou are j’ugli Uootor says he has frequently obserearranged that it can be rolled back	tract these floating bergs and waters, n<)W y You don't know how much v** I ^ ** that the lower jaw is becoming
every morning. In setting the plants CALLING HIM DOWN. and will come jiouring across the equa- |^mind me of my dear deuurt I ‘ more and more contracted. It is now,
..«r,,*-- -	-- aixaiss-iyssts*:ùfé isffaswffusrssu."
•traw or litter of some sort put around hhjHJ the nev >o k animals.	ments of the ice cap,, which will be friend .—God bless you 1	g m> modern jaw, brought about through
them will serve just as well to keep 1 hat is the lion, my dear, he said, hurled against and submerge all the	__'	modern considerations of living, can-
X.TriiX.r&z 2.‘"C T»*asi *»k.-.%;;s	,«*« s»™n= ™u»	csss
san the mums are put into their shel- op«ns hia mouth. Not a beast dares	SMITH, THE KICKER.	AV ell, Bobby. what do you want to being poorer year by year, are gradu-
tex, prepare a half barrel of cow man- ‘ ‘C* him.	»	.	......	he when you grow up?	ally and steadily getting to a point
lire and wafer them with it every How about	the	lioness, papa? cried	Merohant—Have you collected that	Bobby, suffering from	parental dis- "here they will be fewer,
evening. Where it is desired to raise	Dalsy, who is a chip of the moth- bill of J. Smith?	,	cipline.—An orphan.	"Wherever there is decomposition of
chrysanthemums in bush form, pursue ei l,luck-	Collector Have I collected it f I	- organic matter," Dr. Bell declared,
---	ym: JSmkLlÇ	TEE RETORT SARCASTIC.
grow to 10 in. and pinch off the top.	PERPETUAL MOTION.	flared they owed nothing, and the Wife, what a lot of gramma,ical er- Through a mouth thus infected fresh
BHHH"	•
end» will send out three or four i{ltrS m ,ke naner	——	--- the mouth and then is passed into the
branches. Let these grow 8 in. and r,nfr%»kef%,ney.	A PERSEVERING YOUNG MAN.	PROVED.	stomach for digestion. Is it astonish-
Pl'SE'bJS:'"ib™ EE£tHC	rS3Wf"S
ik'iæsæv ...» „	“asasjx k ;ïu, ..Jszi s»! sxi'rrxse:
how hard he is to discourage.	nap.	I te*r '
STRAY FACTS
out of each four you wilk be tolerably

i
1 he
>
\

i

TEETH LIFE SHORTER
in
ir

/
#
The
%
/

s
t
WITH POTATOES
Potato Cakes.—Warm cold mashed I pealing the above.


.
	

###PAGE###3###
r
^ V

for letting me die free, but it's come pect me
l would worked for you, Speak to me." mara r, u 11 tin* mime, if you'd done this She was sitting with her face burled before, i wanted to be a m m, and not In her hands, as many another maiden a thing, a brute. You have been kind has sat, "counting the cost." All her to me iiLirM'r ; think you, thank you life long, Arthur Tunbridge had fol-for liberty.'	lowed her with his love, till she was
' I hese are Seth s veiy words. 1 got tired of the contest ’em by heart, and l said them ho much ever said disheartened him that 1 began to wonder if freedom bluff, however severe, had availed to wasn’t better thin slavery. Hut, bless keep him quiet. She knew he loved you, rny niggers was ulxjut all I had. I her, and perh ips she might in time love .	WiL8 reached at last, | w-uldu t give 'em up, though 1 used to him. It would mike the old Judge and
¦iw I «. » j2na -	'¦ s %%%;,'=	sa »- -BL jshfihfb
AHÉÉ1
* * * ia*
SÿâïSBiB	ESHE—Bll-t, :::
&• ,yx «.u ^sfi-ss Sit	•a-km:	F" rErb^iir ‘:::x
%,TZ%Ztu	- "" ^	^.d, u.
¦lie**
EstirH'BHE	-
s&SsSx&OB	2tH"EBzE
erne# ####
him, he says, and remain her Nettie, removed so ea si ly.	"You know of course He has a wife,"
too. Had she lived she would have	- dropped scornfully from Maude’s lips,
married a Northern man. You liked	CHAPTER XXX.	and Arthur’ started quickly.
Robert, and Nettie loved him. Tor Tom Carie ton was able 10 start on "No, Maude, I did not know it. How h«r sake let this man bo brought to journey westward. Twice he had came you by the knowledge 1 Did he the house. He will die there, w here it ieft room and joined the family he- tell you so ?
Is ao close.	1 low, making himself so agreeable,and "Not directly, but when he was out
"Serve him right for coining down adapting himself so nicely to all the of his head, oi asleep, he t alkvii of here to fight us; wish they were nil Judge’s crotchets that the old man Rose, and Annie, and Mary, and no dead. libw are you going to get (lie confessed to u genuine liking for the willed the latter his wife. 1 hat is the rascal up that confounded hill f Can Yankee rascal, and expressed himself way I know, Mau .e said, and Arthurs he walk i"	• • I as unwilling to part with him. He face cleared at once.
Hi Maude had gained her point, and imd inquired into his family history, "horgu e me, Maude. 1 was a tool to | haps, inhaling, as we should say; but
sa £.Iu.t,iS;™5 “ %&' st&s’sss: «nsr ™ srsr '4 -%	z
süatiS' ï.&ggiii	u. ««« ^7^va.«sa&nr5
by the family and their frequent back to bondage the Judge’s runaway have never despair*d of wLnning you i which seem to prove that they were tjlvm have a guaninteed speed ' :
msmMmmmsm	tmimm
bed out from the corner to the cen- Tom's face was scarlet when he pleadings umi eioqu ui ™	could	not have been dropped by labor- cruisers are the Talbot, of 5.WW tons
tre of the room, covering the plain thought of the difference, and remem- he felt %,	s id to him	ers of the present day. At an anti- and 450 im n; the Indefatigable, of 6.-
¦¦¦¦¦
rfÆ-him'uçge8 bill. ^ tigh.^veUbd^reWy get out. M'.	l^.ita'e Ty Jb'a pi o.
fie warn human if he wra, not qu.ite and I had era buried with him m his wve. ana u^ many rh:lnoes where 1. h.8 this properly of «he weed been of string r. hem pin and . mi can
much mt o7 breath "î'Luk you. mars',. God bless you could do good, for no one would aus-j tested hy the sa rants,	full	of wo, ms. the., swim for tour Ufa.
Give me some hope, Maude.
Success Must Follow
Love and War***.
too late.
1
ns
THE FAIR USE OF DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS FOR PALE PEOPLR.
1
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS. By MARY J. HOLMES.
Nothing »he had
No i0-
s.T«lnry
mm I* the Kiprrlrure of Hr*
Univf, of Hv*troule, Wlio Hud MuITvrrd for II*h> Wf*r% villi HhiuiiinlUin mil CalarrH of lh<- Bewel*.

St>
I

/


From the Tribune, De.seronto
i'll AFTER XXIX.—Continued

pulflti

ior r.oriim
had
cor
!

FRANCE’S LEAD FOLLOWED
The H rl 11 *li New foil ml In ml Sqimil ron to h# Hlrmffllieiiril lleyoml rrereilenl.
The Uriii'h squadron in Newfoundland waters is to be strengthened to an extent never known there before. The composition of ihe squadron com-sinned for the next three years'
iq
mi
The service has been finally decided upon
the flyers of its navy to head the new squadron. H.M.S. Men hie m. which is to be Admiral Bedford's flagship, has a
She is not
speed of twenty-two knots altogether a stranger on his side of the Atlantic, having been sent here a few years ago to bring home to Canada the body of her late Premier Thompson, who died suddenly while dining with Queen Victoria at Windsor
The Blenhiem is a firs -class
SMOKING IN EARLY TIMES.
Mil the Practice Exht Before the Dlsvarerj-
of Tobacco ?
There is some reason to think that people smoked before tobacco was introduced
housewifery certain herbs named are to be
Sir John
In several old books of
Cast l
of 9,(X)I> tons and a complement All the vessels of t he
cruiser of 672 men squadron are equipped with the very latest arma neut
which means, per-
smoaked.
I'h * majority of
of
mud i

REAL DANGER
The Young Fish—Oh mother, 1 see
¦^^¦11 H got




###PAGE###4###
total of over six billions of dollars for Q UAWV| Il F the five («rent European conflicts. The American Civil War cost $5,000,000,000 and $1,000,000,000 in loss of property.
If figures are convincing according to their immensity, the congress at The Hague will not be very long in reaching n satisfactory conclusion, which, if univer sally adopted, would induce the whole world to turn its men «of-war into excur-steamers and its gun carriages into
The Cquity.
Meat Market.
Specialties for this Week :
SHAWV1LLE, MAY 18, 1899.
The indications are that the Liberal-Conservative convention and banquet, to be held at bherbiooke on the24th inst., will be a great success. Every county in the district promises large contingents.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
Wanted !
sum automobiles
LAOS CURTAINS
done considerable	work	in	the	old	conn-	od attention to	the fact	that since	the t e same
try for	which	ho has received	little credit,	decision of	the	Imperial	.Privy Council,
the local Government in Quebec has
Senator Bjulton of the North West been issuing licenses to fish in the inland
Territories died at Unwell, Man., on waters of the province by scores. He Monday morning after aneight days illness did not know that the Government had from pneumonia. He was «8 years of any right to interfere but lh«e age, and a Liberal Conservative in politics, doubt the inland fisheries v ere > g 1	¦	destroyed.
Sir Louis Davies said that under the
~	^	decision of	the Imperial Privy Council	the
Another batch of one thousand (.all- provincial Governments had the power ciana went through by C. P. R. to the to issue licenses, but the Dominion Gov-Northweat last week, and it is stated that ernment had exclusive power to make 60,000 mere are about to leave Europe regulationa. Speaking generally, thi with the intention of settling in Canada, efyvCt 0f the judgment of the Privy Coun and the United States.	CU m the matter of Federal and Provin
¦¦¦ ^	eial jurisdiction over the fisheries was to J Latest Styles 111 Photos.
The new prohibition resolutions to be give the Dominion Government the pow-Bubmitted to the House of Commons ask er to make regulations and the 1 roymcial	«	Datfs
that, voting on a proposition to adopt Governments the power to license m thelL-J? ' provincial prohibition shall only take Provinces of Ontario and Quebec ho far place on the day of a jwrliamentary vive- as the inland fisheries were concerned.
tion. This is simply an admission that, With respect to the fisheries on the sea* ------------------—---------------¦
by themselves, the prohibitionists van coast, a decision of the courts would have	_	.
not hope to get the voters to the (mils. to be had to determine the respective	ESrtnQUâKC
It constitutes another reason for decli- jurisdictions in regard thereto. Pending ning to load the statute book with in such decision the Dominion Government effective legislation.	would continue to administer the fisher
ies of the Province of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick for the present year by arrangement.
from 25c a pair to $1.50
J. O. McGUIRE.
ANY QUANTITY
STRAW HATS.
Our coarse Straws are finer than ever.
A. L. HANDFORD,
PHOTOGRAPHER
01
no
J
although a Free Trader
Wool,
On Monday, May 1st, wo received our second lot of Men’s Felt Hats. The great sale of our first consignment encourage us to anticipate like BggS. I results from this lot.
WILL BE AT THE
Pontiao House Gallery FIRST FRIDAY
Butter,
o
Prices Reasonable.
A. L. HANDFORD
Wo have also placed in stock six dozen black straw dry. Butter preferred in 301 gaji0r Hats, which we have
marked
cents each. Other stores are asking 50 cts. for these goods.
Wool must be clean and
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splend d and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
pound tubs, but any size of good clean package taken.
Highest Prices
Paid.
The people of Newfoundland are en* thusiartic over the complete vindication given by the report of the Royal commission to their agitation for the reniov» al of French fishing rights on the West Coast. Tne ministry of the colony confidently anticipates important proposals at an early date, from the settlement of the dispute, from Joseph Chamberlain, Imperial secretary of state for the colon-
Mr. Flint, M. P. gave notice last week of the following prohibition resolution :—
Whereas it is desirable that legislation |TUg Farmer be enacted having in view the further restriction of the liquor traftiC in Canada, and that such législation should be uniform in all the provinces and territories of the Dominion.
Therefore, resolved that in the opinion
^h.	report £ th6°Qtan Agn.	That, subject and except as here THC HOUSCWlfC
°v tUrav nepurt?£nt 18”°‘ over h,"r’ after mentioned, the .ale of intoxicat-1 able. Fall wheat ha. .uffered generally, •	„	, jfi ever, provtnce'and territory
and other crop, locally, and at the mo Lf Can‘ada ahould be prohibited.
ment the outlook can only be called fair.	That (he act prohibiting such
It will be some month, yet, though, be- aa,\ ^ould not come into force in any
fore the reapers are in the held., and ince or territory unie,, and until a
favorable weather in the interval m.y ^|ajorit of tke oualided elector, therein
make up for the late unfavorable condi-	elecltlon „hall have voted in
arSi .tt* " i—- ¦« ¦
Early Closing.
After May 15th our store will be closed at 0 o’clock at <> o’clock, p. m., except Satur-
Our customers will
please bear this in mind.
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
J, H. SHAW
163
• days.
Will also be pleased to learn that stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
E. BOBBIES i SONS
our
i
In Conclusion,
(3) That upon such vote in favor of said act being duly certified to the Gov-According to the Montreal Herald Hon. emor General in-council, such act shall John Costigan has entirely severed his be brought into force in said province or connection with the Conservative party territory, and shall remain in force therein
as it is constituted to day. Mr. Costigan forfovr years and thereafter until	^	TATTIsTH-
seems to think that the leaders of that the same shall have been repealed in 511* Aw * V U JN U*
ts* s;:'” "S,h» sâ sssaJrsa s .t:1 ujmum comers
the policy of the Liberals is more satis- jority of the qualified electors of such ft,ctory to the business interests of the province or territory voting at an elec-county than the late tariff of the Con- tion shall have voted for the repeal there-scrvativc party. The late minister of in- of, the proceedings for such repeal to be laud revenue, must be given credit for a similar in all respects to those for bring-
perspicuity than the aver- ing the act in force, he has discovered where (4) That in order to avoid upecesaary
expense and to secure the largest possible vote the voting provided for in the said act shall take place at a general federal election.
(5) That this act shall on coming into force suspend operations of the Can ada Temperance Act in any part of the province or territory where the same may be in force at the time, and such suspension shall continue so long as this act is in force in such province or territory.
(C) That while the said act is in force m;any province or territory, the sale of such liquors may be permitted for medical or sacramental purposes or for bona fide use in any art, trade or manufacture; such sale to be made only by vendors appointed for such purpose and to be subject to such regulations as will procure the due observance of the act.
(7) That while said act is in force in
” TH£	I to
The grocery trade ot Canada, both sell his products except to vendors for lar, saw Butter and Provender Grinder, run | w V W
wholemTe and retail, was unu.ually af- the purpose of the said act or for export	p“orklng cm.UIlion25Thi^lan fm?y be	. _ _ _ __ ^ ^
fected by the rulings of the budget re- from the said province or territory to |een In operation on Mr. James Hodglns’	AT Tjl T5T3 Od
cently handed down. Of recent years some place beyond the same where the j^roperty.onemUe^West^orMestation. |	JDJkVVrMs
H. E. BROWNLEE
Pasturage.
PLANING,
__________{MATCHING_____________
'REMOVAL I & DRESSING TIE EIILL ELECTS Cl.
W	1	NOW DONE AT	1	—
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.
I desire to inform parties requiring pasturage, that I will be prepared to supply the same at the following rates Year old cattle, 40 cents per month.
Aged cattle, 50 cents "
Horses, terms made known on application.
ROBT. HARRIS,
Lot No. 20, 2nd Range.
Clarendon
A[^l lStb,lS99
f
keener sense of age politician ifH the difference lies
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.

Having removed my stock
to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. James McCredie, I wish to inform old customers and the public generally that I will be found in the new stand with a choice stock of—x
The French Chamber of Deputies lms ratified the agreement with Great Britain in regard to the Upc IHHMH Soudan, and as one result, it is intimated that there artï only four free states on the dark continent—Abyssinia, Liberia, the Orange state and Morrocco. The Orange state is surrounded by British territory, and is partly British as to its inhabitants. Spain and France have their eyes on Morrocco. Abyssinia is on the way of pissing under British influence, though both Italy and Russia are suspected of having designs on it. Liberia is a joint protectorate, and may last. It is likely soon to be the only African country whose people are not rilled or directed by outsiders. As a field for squabbles the Dark Continent is losing its interest.— Montreal Gazette.
SHAWVILLE.
Close connections are made with al. Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
>er Nile and the
We wish to inform the public that having just added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply manda for rough and dressed lumber
Baggage promptly handled.
W. R. TAYLOR,

SEASONABLE FRUIT,
CONFECTIENARY, and
STAPLE GROCERIES
Sec.-Treas
all de-
The Celebrated . • .
D. WILSON,	| A 4Uantity 0f
Opposite Pontiac Hornet	I	». «• ,	mmm .
SHAWVILLE, - QUE. L°SS an4 ShlrZm
Mill Property For
Sale.
o
C 4

NORTH WEST
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Shaw ville, January 24, 1899
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits aay that anyone requiring class article should call and see them before purchasing any other It will be to your interest
Suffice it to a tirât-

i. Of recent years some place beyond the same where the property, one mile West o American sugar has been imported into Laid act is not in force—such manufac- ^erinri rvasona J e ol tas 1 Canada quite extensively, thus interfer-1 ture, sale and export to be subect to strin- | Qiengyle, April 25, 99
~	'	' gent regulations.
(8) That while said act
ed an increase in the duty against the I any province or territory no	such liquors I	Province of	Quebec.	\
American article. In anticipation of a	shall be permitted to be	imported or	District of Pontiac,	»
raise in prices the wholesale trade stocked	brought into such province	or territory
up heavily. The refiners, seeing that	from any other province or	territory in
the government would not agree to their Canada or from abroad except for sale request, have raised the prices 10 cents f0r the purpose of the said act—such imper hundred all around. The wholesalers portation and sale to be subject to	... -n 1000
will thus benefit by their foresight. The Luch conditions and restrictions as will Been ^olnled'corltor	EalaW %%
opening of navigation has also caused a ensure the due observance of the act. succession ol the late John Bryson, accepted
Si5K.™	j SHSSEnsS v,
retail market.	and for the oroner application of all fines the said late John Bryson, ratified and con-
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware,
ing with the sale of the Canadian article The home refiners asked for and expect
kind to do so
is in torce in
Stoves, Other Styles.
In lie Superior Court,
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing,
tTOTICFMs hereby given that I, GERALD H; BRABAZON, of Portage du Fort , on the eighteenth day or April
\
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
and ieLanie^0mpo.aedPliCati0n ^	I M^ylhe1 ProtB.'ry'"^ the £Td
J obbing and Repairing
P. S.—Lowest Prices
Con rt
The Cost of War
e nee1 m è e t a Tn ^ H o H a	wee k“ "a n d statement that gendarmes have gone |	of fponU^: I
statisticians are prepaiing figures regard- to convey exile back to France.
consideraUon! Thoee^hïhàte^already	May 12.-The Petite Ricu aay,
been publi.hed .how that war i. an ex- Way that ten members of the Reput,-pensive pastime, and even in a financial bean Guard and four gendarmes left St. aence, without including the greater loea Naroire at the mouth of the Loire, of valuable livea, is all that General Sher- France, on board the steamer Lafayette man remarked that it wae. Amongst ks* Tuesday to form an escort to bnng the wars of the last half century, the dir Dreyfus to France and that hu. return ect coat i. computed as follows : The may be expected by the end of June
Crimean War, $1,700,000,000; the Italian	. .	*	.
war of 1868, $263,000,000; the Austro- Agumaldo, it is stated, is determined to Prussian war, $330,000,000; the Franco- prosecute the war in the Philippines till German war $2,633,400.000, and the the independence of these islands is de.
Turko-Russian war, $1,290,000,000 —a dared.
To Release Dreyfus
Farm and Stock for Sale.
In lie Superior Court.
Neatly and promptly ex-	uNoM 3K2M
ecu ted at low prices.
Good workmanship guar- “Xed«ScdrÎS SM.tt0 o°rf .ïft'ÇuSS
anteecl.	The premises are well watered, » creek running through It:	,	.	...
There are erected on It a frame house and kitchen, veneered, also wood shed, 2 barns and other outbuildings. The Property Is beside the Lilly Cheese factory and Joins the Corperatlon or Shawvllle.	.
TT. , ¦ „	« The following stock are offered f°r “J,6-
Highest Prices paid SKM	% -
and EggskmS’ Sheep Pelts
)
No. 3*7:
ALEXANDER FRA8EB, Lumberman, of the City of Ottawa, in the Province ol Ontario,	Plaintiff,
DALE BROS.
VS.
EDWARD MONK and SAMUEL MONK, heretofore both of the Township of Allumette Island, In the County and District of Pontiac, in the Province ol Quebec, and now of parts unknown,
Defendants.
8HAWVILLK, QUE
p. s.
The Defendants are ordered to appear within one month.
Bryson, 1st May, .8». BAKgALOU, p. H. c
###PAGE###5###



The United Statae uses the molt eggs of any country—20,000,000,000 being required during tho yesft or 133 to eaen inhabitant.
Rudyard Kipling eays work he ever did, and t
“ Laugh and the World Laughs With You.”
THEC.F.HODCINS,

i the hardest the hardest h<
ever saw done, is that of a newspaper office.
LOCAL Se IMPORTED
-?TALENT
Will find we pay particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
, Our past achievements have been great.
Being spurred on by success we purpose for Spring of 1899 to lead the van in—
Prescott, Mich., May 3,—Chas. How ard, aged 34, one of the smallest men in the state, and Mias Mabel Grace Hamilton, aged 30 years, probably one of the largest women in Michigan, if not in
% iï'ÏÏX’M'iïZT?10llr U.« in ft. following Departments
the pe«e. Thegro-m weigh, æ pound., are now complete, ami we invito a care-
while the bride tips the scales at 384 I « , .	.
iul inspection :...................
will make the evening of
MAY 23rd, 1899, memorable in Bryson by
A GRAND COJICERT
pounds
High-Class Tailoring.
at which tno latest Songs, Dialogues, Farces, etc., will be presented.
The Misses Bourgeau
of Aylmer and also two talented young ladies from Ottawa will render vocal and instrumental solos,
duets, etc.
Foreign and Domestic Dress Goods and Silks.
Eookobor Women
The most fastidious young man can always be suited in
Household Linens of every Descrip-1 one of Frame’s Suits.
tion.
THEY SERVE AH OXEN TO BREAK VP
NEW LAND.
Capt. Ernest Hubbell, D. L. 8., who (wen for Homo time past engaged sur veying the land allotted to the D bora in Manitoba, has returned to Otta-I wa. Capt. Hubbell is engaged with the I topographical branch of the department I of the interior, and conducted his labors I with a party of five. He states that the Doukobors who will probably be mettled I 7,000 strong, have been allotted two sec-1 lions of land, one containing 200 and the I other 300 s<;uare miles. The first is about 40 miles north of Yorkton, Man., I while the second is situated in the Swan river district. The new comers have al. ready erected about forty houses and have invested a considerable extent ini	, e
farm stock. They have not formed them* I	AftlStîC
selves into villages as yet, being content DnOIVl to get the land under cultivation on a co- * ¦•Will operative system.
Capt. Hubbell states that the women assist in the farm work, and ho has seen as many as 22 women attach themselves to each of six plows to break the ground, thus overcoming the handicap caused by the lack of horses. The land will be sown this season with wheat, oats and
potatoes, and as the so,! mgumi the yield I We can interest you. They combine elegance of style!
should he similar. The country is well ,	r i	,	°	J 9
watered and wooded, and will also do for harmony ot color, and surprisingly low prices. Borders to grazing purposes. The Doukobors will match.
EGGS, BETTER, HIDES and WOOL. |C% &£*>*“¦“"
The distinctive elegance of our style asserts itself as exAn exceptionally strong line exceptionally exclusive.
lias
ouko
Tapestry Carpets.
CHAS. FRAME,
FINE TAILORING
Opposite Bant, - • simile.
Handkerchiefs and White Goods.
Hosiery, Underwear, Wrappers, Blouses, Belts and Buckles.
Admission 25c. Reserved Seats, 35c
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR
Owes its attractiveness to many things, but to no other so much as to the decoration of the walls and ceiling.
A house well papered in as cheery as the peep of the sun on a cloudy day.
t
BUSINESS
OPENING.
• ¦ ¦ ¦
FACTORY.
We take pleasure in staling to the public that the
business we have opened at
—ALL KINDS OF—
WALL PAPER.
Interior & Eiterior
OFFER THORNE CENTRE
FINISH FOR
Souses & Verandahs
MANUFACTURED,
will be continued until notice ia given through these columns of our Intention of selling out.
-GOOD PRICES FOR—
DOORS, JSASil, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES
1
Call and see our stock of
ETOFFES, FLANNELS & YARNS,
whieh we offer in exchange for wool.
We aak a careful examination of our stock before selling your Wool elsewhere.
THE G. F. HODGINS

Only a Bluff
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Departmental Store!
V. 8. WILL NOT DEBAR CANADIAN
LUMBER.
Estimates furnished
CASH PAID FOR PROCUCE
r .7"	, m ru I Detroit, May 13.—A Washington spe.
Cheap Sale lor the next len Days* cial says : There is a suspicion that a
_ _	______	-— _	-, proposition to retaliate against the action
3l£cGlXlTXT 5c ABBOTT, of Ontario for shutting oft" the expo.t of
I saw logs to the United States was in the nature of a bluff. What effect the bluff was intended to have is not apparent, hut the air is very chilly in the state department when it is asked when the proposed retaliation will Ik1 put into op erat ion. Some officials do not hesitate to say that the threat of retaliation against Ontario was never intended to be carried into effect, but was made to help the Ottawa government fetch Ontario into line with the compromise on lumber that the joint high commission is expect ed to negotiate.
It is to he noted, however, that the weakening on the retaliation measure has only been strongly apparent since Senator Fairbanks, of the joint high commission has been here during the past day or two, and it is not impossible that ho has kicked the project over oil the ground that it would not help his commission as much as had been expected. At any rate Fairbanks is full of expectation that when his commission gets through the lumber question will be settled to the satisfaction of the majortiy on both sides of the boundary and with no coercion used in accomplishing it. ’
p. s —
except Saturday.
Please remember store closes at 6 every evening
I
OR THE SIGN OK THE RED FLAG
UPPER THORNE CENTRE.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
It is Ended
That Book Agent.
JOINT HIGH COMMISSION WILL NOT MEET
AGAIN.
and
The pastor
41 Good morning, Bro. Roberts, what makes you lock so sad this morning ?
Bro. It
JEWELLER
For the
Washington, May 9.—All hope of reconvening the joint American-Canadian commission in August has been abandoned. The conference adjourned after having made good headway, as it was thought at the time, towards the drafting of an agreement, owing to an unexpected and insurmountable obstacle in the shape of the lumber and boundary questions. The joint conference adjourned to meet in August with the un derstarding that meantime the governments of the two countries would test public sentiment. It was also hoped that some of the difficulties that had presented themselves in the way of a conclusion of the conference might in the int .rim be removed by diplomatic negotiations. It has now been demonstrated, however, that the temper of neither side has yielded sufficiently to warrant the expectation of any successful result attending the re convention of the commission.
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES.
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE dkc. &c.
44 I have come to say goodbye, Mr. Brown, for I am out of employment, and must go back to England.”
The Pastor. 14 Go back to England to get employment, what nonsense î 1 can get lots of work for a young man like you in this country ”
Bro. It. “ Well, 1 have hunted high and low and can get nothing, so what am I to do ? ”
The Pastor. 44 1 tell you what you can do, Bro. Roberts, take an agency for a good book, for there is money in canvassing.”
Spring Trade.
I
SAMPLES OF
Repairing—
a Speciality
ALL KINDS OF
SHAWVILLE, 6.
THE
LATEST
IMPROVED
now on hand for inspection.
Make it a point to leave your order early

PATENTS

Bro. R. 41 Do you think I would stoop to book canvassing ? ”
The Pastor, (somewhat warmly ) “Stoop to canvassing ! Better men than you have canvassed. I put myself through College with a book prospectus, and I know many successful men who got their start in life as canvassers. My youngest It is said that the United States com- »on is canvassing now, and he makes missioners are thoroughly discouraged enough at the business to pay his way at at the time consuming manner in which the University. I induced a man who various propositions that have been put faded in business, to take up canvassing, forward have been bandied back and and he made enough money to start busi forth between London and Ottawa.	ness again. I gave the same advice to a
young mechanic, who was out of employment, and he is now a prosperous Pub-^	. __ to mi c, , 1ir , , lisher. Why some of the biggest men in
New York, May Id. The Sun s W ash-, history have been book agents ! 4 Stoop
ington special says :	.	to canvassing ’ ; you have been very for*
“No information has been received it tuuate that you can step up to it. I ad-the state department to conhrm the state- vjse you wr^e t0 the Bradley Garret-ment from London that the British gov- 80n qq ^ Limited, Toronto, Ont., for this
population and capital of the United -- Choate has instructions covering « r, ,, T
Valuable Property ^	% «
-------------------- 1 --	1	*	with Great Iwrlte t“e Bradley-GarretaonCompany and
see what they have to offer, and will postpone my departure in the meantime.”
PROMPTLY SECURED
ALSO A STOCK OF
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor's Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of rcur invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION Sc MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS Sc EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Fngineera, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelor» m
Association, New England Water Works Amoc. p, u. Suiveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
f MEW YORK LIFE B'LO'O.. MOWTIEAL CAM. OFF1OE8: \ ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D.C.
Expresses,
Waggons,
The Last Free Acres
and Carts,
The New York Commercial Advertiser says that the opening of the Ute réserva tion for settlement on May 4 stands for the close of one national era and the beginning of another. It wonders how many realize that the rush of excited prospectors for the last bit of fertile free land in the United States means, as
and a carload of
CARRIAGES
-i BUGGIES
LATER INFORMATION
expected daily.
probably the last event of its kind, a permanent change in the national outlook. The Ute incident, it says, marks the close of domestic land settlement
A. SMILEY
3
¦M-M-I-M-I-T-I-M-M*
CS*_Shawville.
• SO
•••
Stevens Rifles
„	........... , , tx> the point of agreement
—	The Commercial Advertiser seems to Britain preliminary to the settlement of
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the have overlooked the fact that while the	differences.
tb *F<h[ rt h °R* ifg e*ôfC1 <ro n do a? c o nt al n l n g United States has no more free lands to	.. wflen thc joint high commission
flltv acres, more or lees, all cleared, in an ex-	offer settlers Canada has millions of acres	journe(f it was with the understanding
on tbe^ nremlses^e^ct^d ^a dwelff^	^ unoccupied lands which may be. had	{hafc it would meet again in August,	A discovery of value to	wheelmen	has
house, stables, sheds and other out buildings. ^or asking. It is altogether unlikely j$jnce then there has been a great deal of been made by Mr. V. L. Emerson, of Ot-For further particulars apply to	that many Americans will go over the	diplomatic correspondence designed to	tawa.	He has invented a	treatment	for
KJS *	Hudeon, P. Q.,	sea to the unhealthy Philippines to live	bring about the agreement as to the	rubber	bicycle tires, which makes	any
among half civilized coloured people bafljs on which British-Canadian and pneumatic tire practically puncture Sbawville, Que. I when by simply crossing the boundary American commissioners can proceed to proof. The preparation, which is acheim
line they can get fertile farms in a healthy, tbe harmonions disposition of pending ical one, is applied to the inner surface of peaceful, prosperous country with all the (.ue8tions between Canada and the the tire, and in the tests which have been advantages of free institutions and dem United States.	made, nails, awls and pins have been
ocratic government. The time is fast	u	iH now working to that end. driven through the tire and the resulting
approaching when there will be a great	gtate department does not know puncture closed up automatically and vul-
rush of Americans to the Canadian North- whether he will succeed or not. One | canized without the tires becoming deflat-West and perhaps to Northern Ontario.	cause of delay is the fact that ed A si t of the tires can be t ea ed w th
The movement of population in the (jreat Britain will not take action on any the preparation for fifty cents and the United States has been steadily toward I .)0int until the views of the Canadian method practical'y forme # new inner the North West and it will not stop at government are assertained.	tube which will last as long as the tire,
the boundary line. When American16 farmers realize that while the last free	_	,,
acres have been allotted in the United I The Canadian «. ramie Co. of )ttaws,
States there is plenty of good land to be	which has been in existence for fifteen
had in Canada, the population of Canada	years, i« about to go out of luamcsa. It
will increase in an astonishing way.—I was not a paying institution, although Montreal Star.	I having had numerous heavy contracts.
sea
are guaranteed to be
ad
SAFE.SOLID, ACCURATE,
cel
From tho
or H. MATHE80N
$6.00 «• Favorite” to our most expensive•• Ideal,11
The “ IDEAL” No. 44 is a fine rifle. ONC OP OUR LEADERS, price only $10. We guarantee it ia every respect. Nothing cheap about it but the price.
Made regularly In .3S, .35 and .S3 calibre rlm-flre. .25-30 8TKVKXH, .32-10, .38-55 and. 41-40 center-Are.
IN SPECIAL SIZES, $12.00.
Stud stamp for complet* Catalog and
Hand Book,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Geode Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
The Citizen is Ottawa’s STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL 60.,
P 0. Box
Ad-
LEADING DAILY PAPER VERTISE IN IT.
CHICOPEE PALLS, MASS,
• 4
###PAGE###6###



\
the miner had a harp, what time did appeal a young man made in a prayer- -mother disciple*, that disciple wma he	play on U f O my friends, 1 com-	meeting when he	rose up and ' '''	known	unto the high priest. Known
moud to you this religion as ihe only	"Do pray for any	old father.	I •* U	lo Cataphas, doubt leas, for John avvtns
l**rsutial safety. When you die, where seventy years of ayfe and he non i are you going to 1 When we leave love Christ." The father passe<¦
all	( he w scenes, upon what scenes will	few inure at opal on in liftv and	then lie	lies» 1 °	apeak of Annas as the high
When we were ou ship-	went down. II *	never gave	any in-	priest/'	A general opinion has arisen
limit ion that he had chosen Jesus. It	j()jiU here refers to himself ; hut
ftirssAiertetMl.............................	—>
so hard a thing that it cannot Iw done to himself are as "the disciple whom by any human work; but God Alinighiy | jesUM loved." cun do it by His omnipotent grace ; lie
can bring you at the eleventh hour,	. . .	...	.
at ho lf-paat eleven, at one minute of I he so fimlllaily acquainted wllh An-
twelve. He can bring you to the peace | nos or Cu lap has, that the very damsel
and the yi of the glorious t«os
«ou ” Ami you are unhappy. 0 my ii lemJbs, happiness does not depend up-phydieal condition. Some oi the Inip-
1 have ever known have
OSE THING THOU LACKESÎ
1
ou
a j never, according to the best author»»
pi esl p&op'o
been lh we who have been wrapped in eonsuinplion, or paralysed with neuralgia, or burning with the slow fire Ns* entei f
oi ai me fever. 1 never shall forget one board, and we all felt that we must man in hiv first parish, who» iu exoru* to tho hoi I<>m, was 1 light in say-cmtiou of «udy, cried out: "Mr. Tel- »«* to one naxt me; "l wonder if we mage. I forget all my pain iu the Ime will reach Heaven if we go down to-ami joy of Jesus Christ. 1 can t think night.' W as 1 wise or unwise in aak-of my eullenugs «heal think of , >ug that question f 1 tell you th.it Christ." Why, his fine «as illumined, man Is a fool who never Hunks of the 1 shall never forget it. There are «rent luture. it you p»y money, you ... I	young men in ih's house to-night who Uke a recent, f you buy land, you
A	despatch from	Washington	says:	' ouU| glV0	testuu	ny	to show	that	record	the_ deed. W hy f Hecnuae,
able, and frank, and earnest, and ed-	' ,	‘ .	,	,j(	j	,iis«iuuhui	Go	>ou	to ? Which is your destiny ?	broidertnl pillow all that you w,ml I"	boa riot
“-.................-...............mmm mmm
Mr	.,®nd	men	in	von- When he has a small sphere	worst» for you than those who hid it	oven jot liberate imuself bj the vxer-
m -g^dd oall-iym the agml	here, he will have a grand sphere	hard in this world, bemuse the con-	vise oi ui.r.icu.ous potter, Judas would
Hus house to gno test^mony.	T heie	thpre	perhape it would	cost you	trast will mak* the discomfiture mo I be glad	to have Veter admitted also,
are aged men h,x! e . , °	,	sixty,	or one hundred, or one	hundred	Inucj: more nop tiling ? tVs the hart	in his remorseful excitement U seems
h was not long ago ’“‘t Anag	...	night,	1 offer you insurance	on your	th<m to Christ to-night. "Escape for	brought	in by him would bn admitted
arose m a praying eue-e, ami	su .	immortal life, payable, not at	your de-	thy life, look not behind thee, neither	without	question. "Gut by such sup-
brethren. 1	l!,> 8011 •' s .	cease, but now, and to-morrow, and 8t„y thou in all the plain; escape to positions," says Dr. Reynolds, * much
graduated from eu lege, am	every clay, and always. My ho;xv in	the mountains lest thou 1m* exmmum-	u foal from iho siory; lor, assuming
my heart , but I am glad now he	to	Chriat ls aot ^ bright ns many Chris-	ed r	,bai the writer of Lho gospe* and the
pone. Up is it rest, **m\i	•’	tin ns, 1 know; hut 1 would not give	j mUNt make my application t<> an-	other di ciple* were one, we understand
HreFJ-ZfEH E	EBHEr	EiBHEm EH
the	house already	asleep, tlm	older	11 is rainer	nara	on	ine , out	in time	of trouble, it has been so much	t0 (rtjk t()? When the	flour has gone	0f	juu.nse in iciest, but of no iwpuiL-
sure God will not	let	me suffer,	tie	8lrenglh to m<> when the world fias	out of the barrel, and	you have not
M'--	iffHE'r	r£;£™JïHïï irS i ~rs;r ?„? •srvi-irt
and the children are at the , .g , n< t 1< m? ag	\ casement of satisfaction and blessed- bave you nothing but the worlds th.uughout the story that Annas and
mmmM
you lacking, my friends, in the refine- xx<1,1 ['!kf *<x	th« ni^d and B,m?le h°P® whlch 1 have ,in JeAUS hut the overseer of the poor 1 Hut I -Was standing ' at the door leading
EHJ c ! gfslÈ## ^	i
understand the polite phraseology of p.	‘ ‘	, \r	u*i« ill cnmes UH ^om l*ie cold Jordan. 1 who had not where to lay Ills head. If p^ter. j b.s disciple, w hoe. e v ue tv us,
ISHiBeH*!”11
I remark again, that you lack ’ Christ. As a matter of personal jf you have ever been on the sea, —ihat 4 other disciple, element of usefulness, W here is y^1 safety, my dear friends, you must have you have been surprised in the first direct lie; hut we, must remember, business? You say it is No; 42 Ructf a (his religion.	voyage to find there are so few sails first, that orientals are habitual ham
y.,, h.?,	. ,iv„i^
you have fallen upon old resources, tal, your business is wherever theie | muUiude ofyoung pfM,p|e in this house and dc not see a single sail ; but when graceful with them as with us; second-which is just the same thing,	for God lA !} lear to be wiped	away	or a s.°11	to-night. Some of these young men	a vessel does come in sight, the sea	ly, while	Peter was a victim of phyal-
y su p ua of	he past You take a loaf of	biead	ti	•	think t hit no one cares for their souls,	near, then the captain through the	tat ion to	falsehood; for if lie had ua id,
as by present success. While, to-1 starving man in the	alley;	ou	u	Many oi them are on small salaries,	trumpet cries loudly across the water,	"I am.’4	by would have been torth-
night.	there are thousands	of men I xv int>, *?1,norj, bread. You	A. ®	and they are cramped and boi hexed	"Whit her bound f" So you and I	with put	out, and h is weak soul may
with hunger tearing at the throatd P?Und of	the dark m 1 ‘	1	^	: p rpetuilly, and sometimes their heart	meet on this sea of life. We come and	have argued	that this lie might help
with the strength of a tiger’s paw, not 1 hey want	the	light	that spring.	.	fails them. Young man, to-night, at	I we go Some of us have never met	him- help his	Master. Mark adds, He
one of you is hungry. Neither are you | ‘he throne oi (rod, and you canuu	. your bedroom door on the	third iloor,	before. S,>me	of us will never meet	denied, saying, I know	not, neither
lacking in pleasant friendships. You	V because you have it not in }	>	“	f j you will hear a knocking.	It will be	again. But I	hail you across the sea,	understand 1 what thou	say est.
have real good friends. If the scarlet i “eurt	*ou kl>"w l!1Ht Ue, g mm h *hi^od ot Jesus Christ, the	young	and with reference to the list great J8. <See Mark 11. 54; Luke 22, .».)
fever should come to-night to your	au :,, ,<>NV (tepemts \viy	, I man's friend, saying: "0, young man,	day, and with reference to the two	The servants and officers	stood there,
house, you know very «well who would	Vn , 6! rf,ng.t h * 6 *i f >	>1M.V	! let me come in; I will help	thee, I will	great worlds,	1 cry across the water,	The w hole scene had been one of
come in and sit up with the sick one; f\wf ° te ;vou . *vat tbe. ,	111t ‘ comfort ibee, I will deliver thee." "Whither hound / Whither hound / hustle. We can easily fancy the
or, if death should come, you know :£Atr,w,tfl	rMiirir.n Take the Bible out of the’ trunk, if it For the eternal heaven or for the eter- measured framp of the troops, the
who would come in and take your baud !	’I! ( ross °, iH!‘s	llint ,m,i has been hidden away. If you have nal hell ? Will you live with Christ shouting of orders, the slamming of
tight in theirs with that peculiar grip!	st\ul	nlJul,H.J	flv ’ ‘ rv Inot the courage to lay ih on the shelf in glory, or be banished away from doors, the harrying to and fro of
which means, "I’ll stand by you/’ P:U‘hr, <,1U| nr'iînllaih or table* take that Bible that was him / I know what service that craft messengers, and the activity of offi-»nd after the life has fled from the L * \ lgrvn‘, . 1’ ni.rht 'f hikrli given to you by some loved one, take it was made for, but has thou thrown cials, grudgingly kept awake all night, loved one. take you by the arm and	nAljHnn «m, i-irv* Yne .ns -ml out of ihi* trunk and lay it down on overboard the compass? Is there no Moving lights and heavy shadows made
lead you in the next room, and while I	m;“u who If thev would ,he Bo (tom of the chair, then kneel helm to guide it? Is the ship at the the scene gloomily picturesque. But
you are gone to the cemetery they I " " jnln th“ uirurdiun of lîod would ! beside it, and read and pray, and pray mercy of the tempest / Is there no now the soldiers had been marched out would stay in the house and put aside fh„ r:/v (,n fire with reliirious im(1 reud unlil* a11 your disturbance is gun of distress b<K>ming through the again, and none remained but the ser-the garments and the playthings that ww.,i%;mr	O	hear	vou not the	1	*-	gone, and you feel that peaoet which	slotm? WUh priceless treasures, with	Vants of the	high priestly household,
might bring to your mind too severely knn nun voi™* of	.ho^whn in this	neither earih nor hell can roU you of.	treasures aboard worth m re than all	together with	a few Jewish officers of
your great Joss, friends? vYou all are dvinTI^ their sins ? They want Thy father’s God, thy nother’s God, the Indies, wilt thou never come up lower grade. A fire of coals. A glow-have friends. Neither are you lacking I îio-ht ^ 1 hev wmt bread Thev want I w;,*is for thee, Ü, young man. "Lach out of the trough of that sea ? 0 Lord ing fire of charcoal. It burned probably hi vour admiration of the Christian re-	Thev want he iven O that for tk>' life!" Escape	now 1	"One	God, lay hold that man 1 Son of God.	in a brazier, liko to that into which the
llgion. There is nothing that makes the Tord	would mike you to-night a ithiug 'hou laokeatl"	»f Thou wert ever needed anywhere,	king ot Jmlaih bad thrown the roll
you so mad as to hav% a man malign 1 fi ,miIur	evangel As for myself I •Uut 1 aM«ly Ibis subject	to the	aged	Thou ail needed here. There are s<>	of Jeremiah's prophecies after cutting
Christ. You get red in the face and	have sworn before high heaven that I	—not many here-not many in any as-	many sins to be pardoned. There are	it in pieces. It was cold. In spring	tht
you say: "Sir, I want vou to under-	will Dreach this Gospel as well as l	«emblage. People do not live to get	so many wounds to lie healed. There	nights in Palestine are cold, and	the
stand that though I am not mvself	Mn jn nil its fulness until every fi-	old- That is the general rule. Here	are so many souls to be saved or lost,	heights of Jerusalem are among	the
a Christian, I don’t like such things	fare of mv hodv and every faculty of	an<i there an aged man in the house,	Help Jesus! Help, Holy Ghost ! Help,	coldest places in the land. Peter stood
said as that in my store," and the man !	mv mind and every passion of my soul	1 ,el1 the truth. You have lived	ministering angels from the throne!	with them. Luke says he sat in	the
goes off, giving you a parting saluta- i„ exhausted I ask no higher honor b.ng enough in this world to know He p, a sweet memories of the past ! light of the fire. All the particulars tIon, but you hardly answer him. You than ih it of dying for Him who died that it cannot satisfy an immortal, na- Help, all prayers for our future deliv- of this verse form a background not are provoked beyond all bounds. Many	for	me But we all have a work to	ture- I must talk	to you more reveren-	erance ! O,	that	now, in this the ac-	only	for the doormaid's questions, but
of you have been supporters of relig-	do	I cannot do your work, nor can	» billy than I do	to those other people	cepted time	and	the day of salvation,	also	for the examination which wears
ion and have given" more to the cause	you	do my work God points us out	ot mX own age.	We are told to rise |	you would hear the voice of mercy and	now	about to study,
of Christ than some who profess His	the	pince where we are to serve, and	up and do honor	to the hoary head and :	live. Taste	and	see that the Lord is	jg	The high priest, then asked Jesus,
faith. There is nothing that would yet are there not i»eaple in this house to * hose who have seen long years;and j gracious. In the Hosing hour of the during the preliminary examination please you more than to see your son	who are	thirty, forty,	fifty, and sixty	80 1 must speak wiih reverence, while j	blessed hahbath, when everything in	before Annas. The question now
or daughters standing ai the altars of	years of	age. and yet	have not	begun	aJ 'he same time 1 speak with great	the house is so favorable,, when every- i	referred to, however, we suppose to
Christ, taking the vows of the Chris- ihe great work for which they were plainness, () father of the weary step, thing is so still, when GimI is so loving, ; u.aVH been risked bv Caiaphas. Of his tian. It might be a little hard on	created.	With every	worldly	euqip	O mother lient down under the ail-	and heaven is so near, drop! your sins	dtH$lriïie- His teachings. What Caiap-
you, and might, make you nervous and	ment, "one thing thou	lackest."	ments of life, has thy God ever forsak-	and take Je^us. l)u not cheat your-	. , spies and detective have failed to
;im a sinner." You respond: "So am where you were in business fifteen	, e, * /given to the superficial multitudes,
I ” Home one says:	"I believe that years ago, and see how all the signs J**'1* ohlldren and gr,l,ld< b d[.ef“'	, I	m	called " exoteric,” and deeper truth
«r srrxî ïfcÆi ";z:cs aSSîsi ® Sunday school
trïü sïtvt-ïï! rss ssisra	sviss
ixists:	is:	""21 x^ssss
RSV. DR. TALMAGh SPEAKS ON THE ELEMENT OF HAPPINESS.
>\
(.rto*lur»i to Him In rrovMlag Him
il llh I loililHR ami I'omI huiI Friend* An % level Hiiu’n TfillMoN) TUe Hnny II ay# lm II hie h i ou Hay He l eelwl 11 Weier Fellow Him-Il I» Hell t » Tliluk •f the Future—Tbe Docte»v AppHe* HI* Subject to Dlflerenl Masse* ot |*re»ple.
It la not Ot itself pro» liable that a Galilean fisherman would
that acted us duoikeeper would recog-
pel
a i/o him. Some une seems ‘to be ie-
followlng text. "One thing lackeat."—St. Mark. 10—21.
Dr. Deems the acute suggestion that 'other disciple" was Judas That very week Judas had in ide ai rangements w ith Cuia-
ter uut to uu*ation make t
and moral,
ChrUtain. him, in the wards it hat I have read to you: "One thing thou lackest." I suppose that that text was no more appropriate to the young man of whom I have spoken than it is appropriate to the great multitude of people in this audience to-night. There are many things in which you are not lacking. For instance, you are not lacking in a good home. It is. perhaps, no more than an hour ago it hat you closed the door, returning to see whether it was
and yet he was not a And so Christ addresses
P.v
I he palace of the high»' priest, i ho Court. * A richly ornamented
ones, hearing your returning foot-
a iioo
come
stand with their lessons, the wife is
l
be in the house of God
have on the host dross 1 have. We all understand the proprieties of everyday life and the proprieties of Sabbath life. Neither are you wordly success. You have not made
music ceases
lacking in
' not " this rabbi." " Thou are not, t hou f”
contemptuoub in tone "as well as my acquaintance yonder*
l ami not. A
question exceedingly ' Also" means
art
as much money as you wou 1 d like to make, but you have an income others are false when fhey say they have no income or are making no money, you have never told that falsehood.
/
/
T
>
!//


*
\
r
<

<
%


refort
6*


%


		
###PAGE###7###
X
LinRL IN FRANCK.
Many of the French papers keep In their employ harmless persons who are registered as managers of the respective publications. When a paper has published any article of a libelous character, in regard to which the victim makes legal complaint, the registered manager stands trial as an offender and is subjected to fine or imprisonment, perhaps both.
ANIMALS THAT CLIMB.
cNecessity
Knows No Law.
f4
[i
i
loiHf of Them Lfnrn With Il fOrully the
l'*v or Trees.
African natives who have lived In of^Mtory hutt show the greatest fear of climbing stairs, and will sometimes go up on hinds and kueéa. Doga often have to be trained to climb stairs, instinctively distrusting the upper stories. It has been conjectured that tips is because the dog’s forelegs break easily below the shoulder, and the beast seems to realize this. The fox
tf

• -,
But a. taw of Nature bows to the necessity of keeping the blood pure so that the entire system shall be strong, healthy and vigorous.
To take Hood's Sarsaparilla, the great
blood purifler? is therefore a law of The application of Nerviline—nerve-health and it is a necessity in nearly pain cure—which possesses such mar-every household. It never disappoints, velloiw power over all nerve pain, has Ery<ilpelâ#-“Had a severe attack of proved a remarkable success in rhou-liiuhs to th*o height of	seventeen feet, I	erysipelas, suffer ins from dlsslness and	mat ism and	neuralgia. Nerviline	acts i	.	pnrege	e.
............»	.... .U.»	Kaœsaatts	r1L	*co-’
ing to must animais,	as well as to |	ân<i u«w reooiaseeml It te others.” M.	convinced.
Chalmms, Te rente,
Tired feeNng-“ Was all run down and bad no appetite. Was tired all the time.
Hood’s Sarsaparilla was suggested, and a trial benefited me so much that now I would not be without the medicine.” Mas.
U. D. Busurrr, Central Norton, N. B.
It Is a Winner.
It la EfttnomloaL
•*5» jo» 4°. 5° & 60c.
it ia Fuse.
Lead Packages. . , .
• I •
Ideal Leather Polish
LAW
Mille, Mills A Hales
Barrister», etc., removed to Wesley Bldg*., Richmond NL vv„ Toronto.
for
Cure Yourself of Rheumatism.
MCN S WOMEN S AND CHILD* Z1TB
HARRIS
BOOTS AND SHOES.
LLAO. COPPER. RHA5S. Wholesale only, Le*g Distant)* Telephone 17ÎS.
WILLIAM ST.g TORONTO.
hti.s no such fear, and has been known to climb a tree with plenty of small
SFSold Ererywb
âùetabiiflhKl I'll
$
V SOLD PLATED. 23
wfu In-nM mm wua |t re*
SÆ9BShJJÜ
* &#% IMB rrWI uj Mi
1

>
It» MS
aid we

CRAIN AMR COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
W'i
by
liais and guinea
many races 01 man. pige can swim well and climb not at all, although their ouuauiM, ihe squir-reta, are at h;me in the lie. s.
SULTAN'S NAKER HILL.
Nearly 20,000 pounds of bread are
daily eaten in ttie Sultan of Turkey's household. ,
La Toscana, lOo.
A
% 1
Boom# 409-12 Board of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
<
It to*
ri-as-

h «NMl whà • •M
t 1UI we eurul B
Thomas Flynn
John L. Corns
Her
1
Prairie dogs, which live in plains and have no une for climb.ng, can be
YOUR NAME
1
***** V * in
*'*• '/
3(ccdÙ SdUafmïiffa

M IS|H
^ •>
i
taught the trick, but when they try
to jump from a height they usually
fall on their heavy, stupid heads, and
either stun themselves or hi an thc.r tee;h. They lac* the inherited instinct that should teach Li.ein wh.tl can and whit cannot be dune. Australian rabbits of he same family of
jirsr'W:
hundred years!
Tattered Tolliver. Yes. Wot an ideal life she ledl
Printed on 25 Luvelv Cabbi
for only ?5o., find this UeeBMrol !	”
•OLIO OOLD-riLLlD RING
given free with each order.
The Canadian Card Co.,
14d St. James St.,
Montreal
* Z
V
H
ferry Wfrteâ Ce,, ferwrte, Ceâ
'Ntiyer-D&dppQM
s
PIG ON COWCATCHER.
A locomotive on a Georgia railroad oeiy cathartic tu tek» with Mouds	picked up a pig on its cowcatcher and
carried it six miles without hurting
A
Deafness
and
«
H «mhI *¦ fille eere liver Ills ; the non Irritating ini
HEAD
NOISES relieved bv TNI
COMMON SENSE EARDRUMS.
arc
L3
ft
Canada.
IFBIfllD.
It.
m
ONE LONG DRE^M.
Made of soft rubber ire for table and Invisible.
DKinphtet showing benefit Hi eaae Catarrhal DeafneFs, K a ring Missing Sound-. Related. Suokeé mr d TMckened Drums.
The Common Sense Ear Drum â Med cine Coi,
Limited,
Freehold Building, Teres to.
W P c DTI
FREE!
Welch, with guard Of chatelaine for sell ui g S dee. of ear fail-sued Lies» Doy 1 lee at 10* eash ; Lady e
This levels little Lady ¦
CALVERT’S


the grizzly and other large spec.ea slay mainly on the ground. A bear always oliinbc-i down a tree stern foremgst, as does the domestic cal until she has nearly reached the ground, when she turns and jum|>s ; but moat wild cats run down a trunk head first, even the heavy leopard being a more skilful climber Ih tn the light house cat. The tigei and lion, h >wever, do not climb, for no discoverable reason except th t they fear falling on account of their weight.	I
4%
CerboHo Disinfectant», leapt, Olnt ment.
awarded 10U medals end diplomas for snptdor et« eilnnos. Th-tr réguler ns# preve it Infeeti-hu- diet* sees. Aik your dea'er to obtain a supply. Lists mailed free on app’loation.
J* i I og Ml r«r Walsh fOMtoUhtj ta preltieet deeige. They sell at \ (
Tooth Powdoro. etc., have been
F
'3®?
V I rheDnim in position
x y
>
Sumcmoer ;
l
postpaid. Hell thee, returo our
forward
i
t
massy and we promptly your wateh free. Ummol
ALLAN LINE
We don't advertise for mere effect, but for buxines*. We know that, if yuu subject to crarnp^, that you should hive prompt, efficient remedy on hand. Nerviline—nerv e-patu cure—has a wonderful and immediate curative power. It relieves in one minute ; it cures in five. Pleasant to the taste and the best known remedy for pain.
DqŸly'cO., Otpt., ' %, far wit»
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENOLAND
UNIN
MANOHIITKR.
are
ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS
SUMMER SAILINGS.
Hobbs Hardware Co.
ROUTE,
MONTREAL TO ». LIVERPOOL.
ONE NIGHTS-
Stammerers
ure. Ask your for It. Tries 10c
LONDON.
Mpeoially these who hate failed tobeeurede.se* where, write to Dr. Arnotl, Berlin who will eon* inee yuu be ewn cure you
BINDER
Highest
Grades.
HUMID IAN-May S. June 10. July 15.
CAL! FOKNIAN- May 13. June Yl, July 2U
mk-àiw.t,,
Cabin P*»eaee-AlâZJ end upwards
Heeesd Cabin fï CN, Retare 8W
Btessage-Tiveraoei. Loudva, Glasgow, Wndomderr* cn Queenstown, #6.50
For further isfermatten apply to
#L setHtlie*, 77 Venge SL, Toronto* or H. A A. ALLAN, MontreaL
NEWEST WORD IN FLANDERS.
Formula to make It
Baking Pov/der
ONE PLOW AFTER ANOTHER.
Did yee .bear t hs dreadLl u*-wk about AÎ Kin^f Her husband has run sway an I li ft her.
How awful.
Hut ih-it's not the worst— ho has come back!
TWINE.
• your-rlf, enelly made Formula ernt fier
LA I* IKK RiX 19 Leroy er 8t.. Muitreil.
Lowest
Prices.
ni eavill oeet. Equal te the heel 12c. Id bUmh.v
/¦ykenlvHt Irrie by Which lleraelraa €’ .r-
rlnyr la knnwa.
Some new words have necessarily been added to the English language since the introduction of the horseless carriage, and tbo vocabularies of other tongues have also naturally been similarly enriched in all countries where such carnages have become popular.
With few exceptions, all these words ,re technical and their true significance is only understood by ih-i electrician and the machinist. The members of the Flemish academy of Anvers recently determined to frame a ward which would be readily intelligible, to all who understand the language of Flanders and who had e*tr seen a b.useless carriage, and the lesult was that after much deep thought they framed the following word:
" Sne I paa rd eloi tszunde rsp< io r w eg petrol rijtuig.M
This euphonius word signifies “acarriage which is worked by means of petroleum, wh ch travels fast, which has n«> horses, and which is not run on rails.” That is, from, one point of view a fine example of multum in parvo, but it may be questioned >vhe' her one extraordinary long word is preferable to half a dozen short words. The Flemish people, however, think differently, and the academicians of Anvers have been highly complimented by them on their linguistic skill as seen in this unique word.	'
%
50
Dealers, Ask Fer Quotation».
W.T. ASHBRIDG2, O.E.,
TORONTO
609 1 EMPLI BU I LOfNti.
1W-. Eelknefhs. ffti , for
ni Wrt»a;e Sewerage «rtl Water Supply
I
Municipal a
? M ATE l>M » I K A <• E i NI) I Nl'hOVUI EN1 S,
Br.'ige FeuadtttluD», Couurrte Construction, Etc,
TO CUrtt A Cu-.» «N ONE DAY ftke	llroiuo yuiwo* T*b els
à isle refund the uiouuy if it fail* to sure.
We give this fine 4-Blade Pearl Handle KNIFE for selling 6 Ladies'Gold Plate Shirt Waist BEAUTY PINS at 10 cents each.
Simply send your address and we will forward wicks post-paid. When sold, send the 60 cents and we will send knife, with all charges paid Address,
Com Novelty Co.,Toronto, Out.
Alt Drug
m
POMMON SENSE KILLS Reaches, Bed 0 Buga. Raw aid Mice. 8eld by ill Druggists, er SSI Queeu W. Toronto.

en.Tf
JAPANESE CHILDREN.
In Japtin children have labels with
their mimes and around their necks as a safeguard
against being lost.
* LAT? R K*Vl A N s A NI » * ORAVEL C-
QÜEER mourning colors.
Coffins in Russia are never coverer
with black. If the deceased is a chil
pink is used ; if	,
though for a widow they use brown.
HARTFORD
TIRES >
Il O
III
I
addresses hung
ÆÆ
s
nairm
i
i
•.h
i
Ki*AH.V,)^MbAb'jJAF:tP5
k h- ivW-VMfcEH.ii À
Æ
ROOFING
and Sheet Metal Works.
ROOFING SLATE, in BUek, led or Gr«e n SLATE BLACKBOARDS (We supply *ub ic iina High School*,Toronto). Roofing Felt, Pitch, oal Taur, etc. ROOFING TICK (Set New City BuiWl-ugo. Tor nto, done by our firm). Metal Celling*. Cor ices, etc. Kntim*te8 furnished for work complete or lor Material* shipped to am part of the country Phone 193ti 1 DUTHIE&»OHS, Adela.de A WldmorSte., Toron to
the lient digester In the market
Montreal.
$
I
FRECKLES «
wurnin, crimson
a
Cure assured in 2t hours,
e epscitie ment by mai O Box 3o5. Montreal
Rheumatism
on receipt of SI DR. RoUBY.P
CO
Madam Marquants
/ Inner >
“ Maltese Cross "
V Tubes, y
II Payee, of Orsoby, Que' Cigar Manufacturer.
Pharaoh 10o.
he Dawson Comm s^ion Co., Lin\itft
Cor West-Market A Colberne St., Toronto,
•n get y u but price* for your Apples. Butter. ffggt Poultry, ai d other produce, if you ship it to them.
te
5 meauhftm
PHILIPPINE LIZARDS.
Lizards crawl along the walls of the
habitations in the Philippines, disregarded by the hum in occupants, and mike themselves useful by catching flies and mosquitoes.
Cfy
cutting school-::;:" ::a zz
C. A Ü. SCHOOL CO., Montreal.
FRECKLE DESTROYER
- I is so well known it scarcely re-Ï4J I quires advertising. Every Lady in the Land knows its value.
3|	80c PER BOTTLE
A. I. TRIOS, Cbewlrt,
COB. KIN# 4 «PAOINA, TORONTO
CO
MONTREAL
The " Balmoral," Free Bus	*
without medicine
HEALTH RESTORID
§ 11
Du Barry’s
vt
mSm»
Catholic Prayer KWÏÏ3Æ"
Hell mua Pietiuc*. Statuary. and t%urrh Ortmtnwaie,
^"VrÉAD^a"w^o.'eïr
Revalent* Arables Food,
Lti
j
pr
CO
CONDUCTOR H. HOGG
cwcfolh Infante wheat Alimente and Debility hare re» Meted all other treatments. It digest* when all other Fik <1 le rejected, esree 80 times it# oeet In medieUm
50 Years’ SSBriS
Indigestion, Oommmptien, Diabete*, Bronehltie, In flu-eon*, O ngh# Asthma, unlarrb, Phlegm, Diarrhoea, Nervous Debility, Bleeplmeuesa, Despondency,
LETTER FILES and
Shannon

FRECKLFS
MOON'S MOUNTAINS.
It has been ascertained that one of
the mountains in the moon is 3G,0(Xl feet high, while several are upward of 30,000 feet.
File Complete $1 00 Board sod Arch 50c.
Staple*, B »rd and Arch, 21a. Binding Cwe, #3-0j per dozen compléta
The Office Specialty Mfg. Co , Limite i
123 mud 124 Bey 8k, TORONTO. Feoiory : Newmarket.
And His Deadly Struggle With a
Vicious Enemy.
cy£jtfWisE^0THER Knows
^	THE VALUE OF
&
eii
%
Du Barry & Co., @
Leaden, WM also in Parle, 14 Rue de Oantiglion, and

Mini
WMee be Begr.a le lise Sedd'i Kldecj Mile-Then the Tide Turned and lie Wan Saved.
Toronto, May 8.—Still another member of the staff of the Toronto Street Railway comes forward to testify to the unequalled efficacy of Dodd’s Kidney Pills, in cases of Diabetes. This time It is Mr. H. Hogg, Conductor No. 207, residing at No. 81 Fuller St., who tells his story.
Here is what he says: "Diabetes kept me in continual misery, and nightly ¦gony for three years. My blood got #o impure that I thought I could never get it restored to its natural purity, 1 was tortured by dizziness, which grew to such an extent that I had to quit work. I lost flesh and strength rapidly, and, in short, I thought it was 'all up with me.’
"I used different remedies, but got no good from any of them, until a friend recommended Dodd's Kidney Pills.
"I had no idea they would help me, as I had been disappointed so often, but I decided to try them. The first box gave me wonderful relief, dizziness vanished, and my head became as steady as ever it was. Three boxes completed my cure, and to-day I am sound and well, thunks to Dodd’s Kidney Pills."
The best way to ascertain the real merit of Dodd's Kidney Pills is to test them. There can be no deceit then. They either will cure, or they will not.
little, and it will
•label*# was firlll
c
Rokoo-Health-Drink
LUBY’SsSx
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle-
I
EB™
IF*
1
na 3a 61 and 6«
•aCo., Limited, Toronto

CURBS DYSPEPSIA SUBSTITUTES TEA AND COFFEE
« r wÿ&wï
¦ample half lh. p*oknge, pre paid.
ROKCO MTC CO., Toronto, Canada.
AS A PARTURIENT MEDICINE.
WHERE THE TROUBLE CAME IN.
Tiie Rube. Did you make him eat his words?
The Wreck.
Hotel Traymor
FREE ip
«niait* Pleeb-lUied ease.
EEr
Aune. Ve bran or »om*u* Bell at 10c. each Re'urn ue 61.90 sad receive ring FREE by return __ Liberal oomsniMion. If preferred. Unsold geode iMunmbla
HOME SUFFIT CO.,


A
Ye-e-es, but my name was mixed up in ’em somehow.
it
% i

<

-iA
a ^
$100 Reward, $100.
(ON THE OOEAN FRONT)

The reader* of this paper will be plr-a-ed to leant (hat there is at leant one dreaded dinette that science ha* been able o core in ull i'a alngee. and that le Calan h. Hair* fatarih Cure le ihe oaly po«*i ive vu re known to the medical fraLrntiy. Catarrh being a conntltu-tional disease, inquire* a coiretiku'lonul treatment. Hall's ( atari h Cure le taken Internally, ii<-6l*K directly a pen the blood end mucoueeur-ef tue ayatem. thereby destroying the foundation of the d infime end giving the eaUeetatiergih by bnildiae up the connlitu son aiKl aexTwtins nature In doing its work. The pmprloVim have *e much faWi In Ifcsr r\ live powers, that they offer Sne Hundred t o'lai> for any ca#e that It fails to core. Send .er Hat of t cMMueeifUa. Address.
K J. CHENEY fc CU., Tele le, O. Sold by Druug.ata 7ie,
Hall’s Family RiUh ar«* the beet.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.
1
# :
Has Enlarged to Double its Former Capacity.
ROYAL MAH
STEAMSHiP
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
It.ten of pa**i*te --Firet Cabin JW npwaida ; 8#cen<2 CViin S:*'. Hleerage. S22.50 and MB 60
“"ft#5	,
17 Ht Raerewen M Montreal
Dominion Line
a
f
\
»
The
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
MILES OF READING.
A French statistician has calculated that the human eye travels over 2,000 yards in reading an ordinary sized
novel. The average human being is supposed to get through 2,500 miles of reading in a lifetime.
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
i
A trial costs very settle all doubts for all time.
Dodd's Kidney Pills are sold by all druggists, at fifty cents a box, six boxes $2.50, or sent, on receipt of price, by The Dodds Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto, Ont.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
.¦ ¦	--- - M
$U/ Ju-t*vnxf d ¦&* wtfkl ‘Wca+i
y% iÙL, /#<W. 4 ùifiÂe, 4iUm &'dens
dit/
as on of
THE TRAYMORE has long been recogm/rd Atlantic City’s most popular and famous beach front hotels, and the extensive alterations and additions just completed make it a model of comfort and elegance.
A MUNICIPAL WASHROOM.
In Islington ontf of the poorest parishes of London there is a vestry washroom, where a poor woman can take her basket of clothes and do her family washing with every convenience. The clothes are dried very rapidly by •team and the fee is only five cents.
Rooms en suite, baths attsched, etc., etc.
CAPACITY, 400 at at
at at
D. 5. WHITE. JR. -
r
_
*tc
- Owner and Proprietor.
k
f


r*
0
Z
à
###PAGE###8###
%
7
7

-,	:	a#


¦¦

Y



Mie» Lizzie Teevens of Eardley, was in Onslow l iet week.
Tn Ç R/\ÇÇ	Topa^ 113Y THE School Commissioner* during NX e hoar of an occurrence < f some few
VY JH il LdSCS the present month of May, about ten or evenings ago, which somewhat disturbs
twelve hundred feet of good sound and per- the usual monotony of our peaceful ham-fectly dry 1 Inch birch or maple lumber, lets. A wire fence was found badly dil-(maple preferred)delivered In Shawvllle to I apidated by a cyclist's endeavor to pro -Non-pull-out I the Chairman or Secy.-Trca*.	j cure some of the wire thereof to “ bind
Payment when delivered and Inspected. up the broken limbs of his bike.” Let *****	'	By Order.	j us hope that the wire proved to be a suc* I
Secy.-Treas. | oessful “repair kit ” as it certainly would
be a 11 handy "one.
“ The Lovers' Lane," is, as usual, invaded by pleasure seekers. Who enjoyed the drive last Sunday eve ? Certainly
** A Cyclist.”

Wanted.
BUY



X
Pitted with
VI £
the

THE SUIT QUESTION
Shaw ville May 1. W.

!
Apology.

<
It to better to SERVE the public than to CHEAT It.
It to better to make a FRIEND of a customer than a VICTIM.
It to better to HELP one’s patrons than to HURT them.
What Is fair and Just to the CON. SUMER is best in the long run for the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
is
le troubling a lot of men season of the year. If they wou and look over our large stock and get our prices, they would have no trouble in in selecting a Spring Suit—made to order, made to fit. Come with the people.

not
ay, 1899.
vthlng I mleht have said against Er nest Hobb’a character Is by roe acknowledge c«l to be lalse and untrue, and I hereby apol oglzc
Ah
1
Au

Andrew Carnegie aaya he will distri bute hie fortune of $200,000,000, resorv ing only a provision against any anxietl for the future of his daughter. Hie tim^ will be spent in searching out good ob
)

Her
JANE X YOUNG
Mark

W. W. IRELAND.
Witness

Notice to Whom it May|ieBcd,inbwiiti,n8Americaand0reet Briuin’
Concern.
?j
A. R. McGUIRE.
THE TAILOR.
I IT'
Railway Horror
4 LL PARTIES having claims against the A estate of the late Phillip Sparling of
I JiZteSL
fore the 15th day of June next, as altar which curred about ten o clock last night on.
„,e the Philadelphia and Keying road atj In any way indebted to the said estates, that Exeter, a leading station SIX miles7below i
sastti£Sr
Administrator, j juied and of these many will die.	]
The express train for Philadelphia scheduled to leave Reading at 8.30 p. in. was about half an hour late in leaving Meantime many passengers on the train Mr. C. A. Moore, who has been culler I from Harrisburg went abroad the Phil-for Messrs. Oilmour & Hughaon up on adelphia express train while it stood in their limit here, finished his operations the station at Reading but the number of for the season and left last Monday for Harrisburg passengers being too great to his home in Chelsea, via Kazubazua.	be accommodated on the express train,
Mr. Charles Dagenais, of Leslie,went to it was decided to send an extra train to Kazubazua Monday returning Tuesday. Philadelphia to run at a se&Mid section Mr. and Mrs. Win. Kelly, of Camp- to the express. The extraordinary travel bell s Bay, were the guests of Mr. and from Harrisburg was due to the number Mrs. Wiii. Moore, Otter Lake House, of peuple who went to the state capital to Thursday.	witness the exercises connected with the
Mr. Wm. Moore went to the Bay and unveiling of the Hartranf monument Bryson Friday.	there yesterday. The second section left
Uilmour & Hughson's drive reached here about 20 minutes after the express { Otter Lake on Saturday and as there is train had departed.
largo flood of water it is expected that	~
all the logs will be in the Gatineau by ped for orders and while st beginning of June.	was crushed into by the jd
There will be quite a boom in mica with terrific force, and nickel mining in this country this timet*run year, as a good many who had indica- motivdÇj T ...	I lions of these minerals on their proper- rear cm.
It Will pay yOU to examine ties are going ill to develop them after | then Soi
these goods if you require the busy
onvii.;'(f • ii* fit if	Many here and 1 suppose elsewhere land jfrain was also a recked. The havoc
ail) t mil., Ill lilt IlinillUK would be glad of a good downfall < f rain | wrought to the occupants of these cars
line. They have been care-und bo wuuid Sa>s Cekemomb
fully selected and marked at rock-bottom prices.
G00DWY1T,

The Watchmaker,
ARN PRIOR, ONT.
Bristol, May 15th, W
FOR
OTTER LAKE
BEST IS CHEAPEST.
REMARKABLY
CHEAP

see a
I


arejncplled in Quality and
lir Fonces am lia Best
go to
Merisi & Grata
At Exeter station the first train atop
ageing stall PSd section train at the The loco-Ttlear throufh the two Ag them to splinters and fie end of the third car The first car of the sec
Their stock will be found large and second to none in
the county.
a
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Picton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CO., Gen. Agts., Hamilton and Montreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
t

Ull
from the rear
season

Sad Sequel to an Accident
MILLINERY !
MILLINERY!
MILLINERY!
was appalling. Many were crushed to
death immediately and others mangled | Quebec, May 11. Mrs. Horan, widow May 13. I>r. C.alK.ury was up here m » horrible manner.	of the unfortunate conductor accidentally
last Monday "ii a visit to M!ss Annie Those who were killed outright by the killed on the electric railway the other Moore of the-Otter Like House, who has accident numbered about 25, while as day, has lost her reason in consequence bwn wry kick from an attack pleurisy, many more were injured, some of them Lf her loss. The motorman, Delaney, We are glad to state she is now getting | very badly.	(who was the involuntary cause of the
killing, has beyi so affected by the affair that he has resigned his position and will leave town. The electric company offered an indemnity'to the family of the deceased Iioran, but they do not deem it sufficient and will take action in the courts.


OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS
-A. R. SMILEY'S BUILDING,|>»£ w„,	„Me„„ ,Win„»
Abbott. Knzubazun, was here Monday.
Mr. T. Donohue
was up here a couple of days.
Messrs. Lunam & Moorhead of Grove Creek Mica Mine, arrived here Tuesday ,	. from the Bay on their way to the mine;
As usual this Branca of our business is ,\]r# Lunam went down again on Wednes-I Howard City, Mich., May 11.— Joseph
equipped with all necessary supplies in- day with some fine samples of white Harvey last night killed his wife, his eluding the best embalming appliances

f/
Having returned from Montreal and Ottawa Millinery openings 1 desire to draw tne attention of the public to my new stock now opened in the store of
Next Door to Donaldson'* Jewellery Stor
A Fiend's Act
f Carlcton Place
Main St., - - Shawville.
.
MICHIGAN MAN KILLS WIFE, UNCLE ANf> GRANDMOTHER AND THF SHOT HIMSELF.
John McFarlane, Campbell’s Bay
o-----
)

UNDERTAKING

z
An inspection of my stock is invited, as 1 feel confident of being able to offer goods at unprecedentedly low prices.
Do not forget to call.—No trouble to show goods.
AGNES R. IHrFARLANE,
Campbell’s Bay.

Very Sad Drowning Case

i
uncle, Robert Pierson, anil his grand-Mr. David Moore, of Bear Like, is mother, lie also fatally wounded his opening up some mica and nickel of three months' old baby and his father-in which, there is great showing on his law, John Logenslayer, and finally shot
are r...	g,,„g *. !tS.:,;:r^"und *hk" “
commence early in May. The other schools tlie mining at an early date.	Harvey’s uncle and grandmother live
plea'ie state grade onfip^lohia. Science"'" Ml- Jol‘“ Thomson, the gov’t, lmah- a mile north of the town. The murderer ,
teaching, and lowest figure oi salary ex- ranger, accompanied hv one of his lienh- went there last evening. He asserts that .	,	,.	XT ...	. .
....... ................. k™» hi. r*,i.k	,g
np till the 24tn of June.	day for Aldbuld.	his grandmother and that he interfered; 1 J
Mr. Muir, of the Citizen, was here a that thereon Pierson stabbed and killed couple of days canvassing for subscri- the old lady, aged 70, and that he (Har-l>crs."	vey) retaliated by shooting his uncle
Archdeacon Naylor was here Thursday dead. After shooting Pierson, Harvey evening attending a vestry meeting at stabbed him three times. Harvey then
St. James' Church, going down agaip on returned to his home, two miles south ,	_*, a*	A .	»
- ——........................	SesBSie
¦ - — wmM mum
Gen’l Sup’t. Mr. M. G. Smith, of Thorne, isremov- Ottawa Valley Water Power | the doctors entertai.1 little hope for her
mg this week to the Walsh farm near	|recovery.
Quyon, which he has purchased.
Fishing is a'l the rage now.
mica
St. John, N. B., May 12.—At Upper Woodstock, Carleton county, this afternoon, Russell, aged 8 years, sun of Colby Henderson, while fishing at the mouth of Jones Creek, fell off the bank into the water. His brother, Roy, aged 10, went to the rescue, and both lads were Urown-The mother is heart broken. Her

WANTED
Young Yorkshire Pigs
for Sale
)



Address, S. M. LOGAN,
Thorne Centre
A quantity of young pure bred Yorkshire .pigs for sale. Will be ready to deliver aboot-10th of May. Price $3.00 apiece, or $1.00 with registration certificate.
Shot Wife and Self
SHOCKING TRAGEDY REPORTED FROM A LITTLE ONTARIO TOWN.
JA8: ARMSTRONG, Green Lake
«S3
I
I

Fridax
Farm for Sale.
v
/
<
one else
OmUiSAflNBlDn.
V
CHANGE OFTIME
V TCENTRE


V
No


l
T*
'V

and


less
The property will be sold In parcels to suit the purchasers but the vendor serve all mineral rights In the same.
The map which, according to the Can-1	______^_______ apply tor LiUch fo rddT"mcDo u gaifi* Bsr ri s-
country. It is strange that the immense (>, ^ ».	* a i" UV‘ ex,Perte at
forces which lie idle among the rivers and th?>8 fJ!’ ^ ' T u”dertsk,n8 the | lakes of Ontario should not ere this have ?	SL‘15^ nlîd K^gg^d the
. M*y 9th.—Mr. and Mrs. N. Brown-1 engaged the attention of the enterprising 11 ftU,l,nAn the police office, and -	le® of lUdford, spent Sunday here.	! capitalists seeking the means of creating m.H(le h‘,n g0, ^th theni to the bank,
"	8.'50 Miss Tena Ross spent a few days of fresh wealth. They bolster up South where	left after the robbery
m s 22 I week at Mr. McKibben s of Eard- American republics for a small profit and I nccomp is u-< ley-	....	at considerable risk; they run up and
Mrs. T. Lees.of Ottawa, is visiting with 1 down China hunting after concessions for Cornwall, Ont., May H.—Afim# Tras-her parents here.	•	j railways of most problematical value; sie Heenan, of NVilliamstown, committed
, Miss A. I hillips and Mr. F. Young,	while just across the Atlantic within then	suicide	Tuesday night	by	hanging herself
m	7.}«	North Onslow, Suodayed in this vicinity,	own empire, is wasting an industrial	in	her	brother s woodshed.	She
__ Mr. Willie McKibben of Eard ley, power which might be used to make Can-•*	J'S?	aPcn* Sunday evening at Mr. T. Craig's,	ad a one of the foremost manufacturing
1 wo of our young men are wearing the	countries In the world. Water power is
loos of a troubled conscience on their	the cheapest power of any; the sur»
countenances, which tells us that they	rounding land in Ontario and Quebec is
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway leave some dark pages in their past his cheap; communication is already well at Aylmer.	tory, such as : borrowing a parasol one developed by railway, and will soon, it
P. W. RE88EMAN,	i rainy night, and not having as yet, re* is hoped, be well developed by water
GENERAL superintendent I turned it. ,	j also.—English Paper.

will re-
Pontiac Pacific Jonction By.
Fiddlesticks
o
Official Time Table :
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
ONSLOW

AM
Aylmer fBrecken ridge UEardley Parker’s Crosslug t* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s HbawviHe Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank Winton Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
5.45 Leave
Arrive 0 45

6 00
0 21
i
T "
>
6.12

8.18
It
was
«6
6.26
66
6.37
6.47
66
K
6.56
8.14
66
8.08
6.58
Trade Marks rjÊÊÊÊÊÊK* Designs
rrfCopyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain oar opinion free whether an Invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta < ‘Most agency for securing patents.
through M iinn A Co. receive barge. In the
it
66
8 02
7.04
<
7.52
7.26
7.81
7.45
8.00
, _ . .	was an
unmarried lady, 4o years of age, and belonged to a good family. She had been suffering from melancholia for some time, and was watched more ot less by her relatives. She made a noose with a pair of reins, and hung herself with a hook. Her knees were touching the ground, and
she must have gradually strangled to death.
8 03

7-06
8.12
««
8.30
sent free.
Patents taken fecial notice, without c
8.47
Leave 6.30
•Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station.
8.55 Arrive
>*
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. I.nrgest circulation of any scientific Journal. Terms, $8 a year ; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
kl* âStiïrxüslt*


i 1
M

=t

v
1 ;, ' / a
Ik*



?
m
