###PAGE###1###
w
SH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC
Vol XVI, No. 35.
I' U, THURSDAY, FEB.
23,	1839
I
D.Ï,
“THE EQUITY”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Hai l, you tried Duwd’n -Hour ?
. kook out for S mi Ivy a now adv’t
High Loaf
I'AKOAINH.—Wo are Hulling all kinds of winter gaodl at Ipoci ¦ I out prie and eeo urn
Seven Bristol teams, loaded with sup-phen, pass, d through town on Tuesday
m..i rung mute for Billies Bros ' ahan-
ls issued from the office of Publication, Shawvillu every Thursday.
Subscription. Cl oo por Annum.
—o—
Advertising rat* s tnude known on application.
Correspondence of local interest solicited from nil parts of the country.
0F* Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry” will he charged at the rate of Scents per line money toaccompany the manuscript in every case.
Come
Head Office Oliawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000 00
$1,170.000 00
J. H. Shaw
J
, next
issue
. Hkpairs.— Repair* for J. W. Mann
La,,,,v»l *t Portage du Fort, on Friday 8ueder and for Cuul-haid .Scott Co. In, •sterling, this week.	plemenia supplied hy rue. Call and leave
F-'Rm -A few Ladies' fur cat., collars''""
1 luu^« at very low prices

Rest
fUn readers among the farming ¦nullity are requested to keep in mind the z, M t .	.	, ,	meeting announced to he held in ZI„d-
Ca!I at McArthurs furniture store and «ms Hall on Thursday evening March 880 Hie elegant priz •* offered f« r fancy 2nd, at which darying aud other matter*
m,, ,1,	.	, costume» at the Carnival which comes off of interest to the farmers are to he dis-
general | at the rink here on Tuesday night—28 h cussed hy Mr. David McCrea and Prof.
,ll9t'	,fHH Robertson. A good turn
w e feel assured will be a source of much i4 ratification to those gentlemen, and show »«> them hh well, that the farmers of umy are appreciative of anything that may he advanced with the object of improving existing methods in darying agriculture.
Hoard of Directors : Charles Maukk, Esg., President George Hay, ehq., Vice-President
Hon. Oro. IIrybon, Jr Alkx. Fraser, Eh«
com*
A. Smiley
Sue them
J. H. Shaw.
John Matiikk, Khg Davui Mai l.AKKN, Hsy
°1HL WANTED
Apply at
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
housework
GEOHUE BURN D. M. FINN IE
Oi-nrral Manager . Manager
out
The Eg vit y Office
£ J ma out lo 1,0 fa-ee m every particular
Kiizi Jano Trip, relict of the late M<>r.
«t‘E**««d in the manufacture of brooms, K#" The Shawvillo Marble and Gran I wl11 "portly move his plant to Bryson ltu Work«. Alex. McDonald, proprietor I wllurti ho will continue in the business turns out a superior class of work in Mon unients, Headstones, etc able
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
game laws of the province, a uy of which was given in these columns a couple of weeks ago.
J A. COWAN, Publié. | ^XK/.ïudü^'ï.iluh,: ,U D"m"
Notes an«l Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at rates.
Hums of $l and upwards received I i Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Oltlci) Hours—10 a. m. to 3p. ru. Saturday 10am. to 1 p. III.
our
no
MU III 111
DR. STACKHOUSE, Sr.
rient
or
suite; eon dentist,
Will hereafter tie In Hull 11 rat four days of each week. I'an 1rs coming from the C unity of routine. 2*> per cent reduction wl I he made to pay their railway faro.
Ofllce—opposite ihe 1’ost UfTleu,
HULL
The Ottawa and Georgian Bay
Canal
At the next regular meeting of the County GVuncil of Pontiac, which id to take place in Iiry -on on tin* Hzh Match, Mc sua. McLeod Stewart and W. ,J. Pun pore, M. I* , will deliver addressee
_ .	, ^be now bridge at Arnprior to replace
I rices reason | the old “ white bridge ” across the Mad.
•	- awajka at Arnprior, has bien completed
•Jacob Hull, Mudoc, has a bovine mom,- t o', the satisfaction of Engineer Hibaord,
[,<H! ^ 1,1 Hie form of a calf with two | and the work has been taken oil the heads
MERCHANTS’ M
QUE
WM. GAMBLE,
coti-
BARMSTER, &o.,
159 Main Street,....
on
OF CANADA.
- $6,000,000
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Head Ollier,
lie oil each end of an otherwise jtrac'or* hands iia'inal body—and four pairs of legs Montreal Gszstte.
the Mont teal Ottawa & ( *t*oi yian Bay
The mayor has been communicating *	people of Pon iac generally
with Mr. K. Surtees, C. E. of Ottawa, WX°UM1 (],0 * ell* to attwnd the meeting and Arnprior and Renfrew citizen# have with a view to have that gun I Ionian come J ,!* '.V H't Jr presence that they dtgned petitions to the Minister of Pub- here and give Ilia opinion as to the feas- ^ accord with the pnmotors of the He Works, praying that a sum be placed ibility of having a system of water works opening up of this magnificent waterway in the estimate, for the re-construction of provided for the village.	ne , ^ all the towns along t he Ottawa
the Portage du Fort bridge	»	,	. ,	.	,	Kiver have had meetings at which great
Time Eyteni.im, ti ,•	,	A number uf the mu.ioally inclined cit- «nthunia.ni was shown, and nolaUy at
xmntttv z
w.	ns S.ÏÜÜS;-f ...............
things get m good, smooth running order present, it is but reasonable that Pontiac An adherent of the Hornerite or Jloli- The organlZlîIon has not been given a County, which is to benefit more largely, ness Movement informs us that twenty [*imo ;ls l,uf thî4t ljttle matter will perhaps, than any other in Canada, from persons, most of them heads of families |,lke,y bo settled before long. Meanwhile the opening up of this great artery, should Joined that ruligiou, body a couple of w« might suggest as an appropriate ap- show some sign of approval of the action
weeks ago at the meeting hall near Knox’s &elliat|,,.n : y “ Th^ Ctinu'(l A^re8a Hon of of the promoters by attending this meet-school house.	I Ethiopian (star) Celebrities.	j ing in large numbers.
Hull
At Khawvlllv, st-eond and fourth Thursday I CAPITAL
of each month.
Office- over G. F. Hudgins' Store, Main HI
arc m
• ill on treal.
Court Shawville,
No 276.

--o---
SHAWVILLE HIMNCH,

COIN |l

I Meets the 4th Wed ne»
; I day <>i every month.
9 Court due* must bv paid rtf promptly every month
^ Visiting brethren cordially invited.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.

Mattnwa were
pro:
A. <;. Muki'hy

L.B.C.Ï
SAVINGS RANK
. Accounts opened for amounts of five dol-II. H. Barnett, b S lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
J. A Cowan, U h
Hugh Hours, c It
Office Hours Saturdays .
10 A M. T
i P.M 10 A M. TO 1 P.M
Dr. J. E. TAGGART. L. D. S., D.D.S
F. A. PARK Kit, Manager
1
Fred Jolicoeur of Bryson, while haï- I Mr* James Gardner of Carletxm Place voting ice on Saturday captured a htrLe	6Î)* !ms Muccumbcl to la grippe. If.
eel which followed a block of ice as it was V* Inarrie(l un the 1st inst. to Mrs. Mur
pulled ou* of the water. In view of the rmm' # day following they left Car-1 Says the Arnprior Chronicle of last Lenten season being on, Fred was not	Place for Brock ville, and the next week .—Certain Arnprioritus visiting < ::
slow to capture the fish before it regained <l,t> tlr,,ve \>ut tu Vun*e Mills, to meet the other s de of the Ottawa within the iti native eh merit.	| with Mr. Gardiner’s family and friends past week were fcu|»naed and pained to
T, „	i	» On the Friday Mr. Gardiner had a bad learn that the Pontiac Advance’s critic-
lir	f tll y . ,	, ™y ^urmery,	Icold, and felt as though la grippe	was	ism of the gon'lemau who had gone from
ph •	h"cle.y f‘>r	,h* * romotion of	coming upon him, towards evening	lie	here to the Shavml e bail was taken er-
The	Raymond	Sewing	Machine	in nais	1»!,^!!: ,^1 « t	“ h ^ ftt Sti	was worse and on Saturday he could	not	iously. The visitors explained that the
any in	the	market.	For sale	hy	A.	Smiley	(ci	or\ / ‘ hUI‘'iiy mf/mo6 ,uxr*	Ienvo llls 1,v<1 The trouble settled on	his	Advance had placed an entirely erroneous
Shawville, from $20 up.	- V «ne purpoie of explaining lungs at once and developed into acute c m.-tructmu upon a local item which ap.
Tii kff U‘1S k\>Clro a" l !ho H<Jv ir‘* pneumonia, both lungs being affected, pta od in The Chronicle re the ball ; that NOTARY PUBLIC,	I, 1,10 Honda orange crop la said to have tiges .flora to the (hurch in Canada. Everything possible was done to combat the Arnpnorites had an enjoyable time
pLERK of the Dlslnct Magistrates* Court	Pracl,tca,Iy ru“'v(j <>>’ the severe frosts *ne offertory on this occasion will bo for the disease but without avail, and on Sun- at the bail, and that tht\ said nothing
U,m"on8l?:,WmV»nù	°f **	°f th“	«W vvening last ; after nine da/s illness, but good of it on (heir re,urn home, never
..tesnswrs;	-
ïM	f-f » ¦“ SX: J: Sir ................................... -
be seen at A. Smiley’s, Shawville.	amo,l8 ,h« earliest settlers hi* uI'l£Rt «militer died, and three years Some six weeks ago a social dance was
J	of the country, and for a great aftor “lii hrHt w,fe passed away. I wo hdd in ShawvilD and several young men
many y an was in the employ of the (hi-1 so,ls* Stul,llt‘n uf Toronto, and John at of Arnprior received invitations to attend, mour n at Otter Lake Of late years he I a | hul,le* aml <mu «laughter, Mary Ellen, are and gladly accepted. They spent a most resided with his son David, near Camp- !uft to mnllrn tlie luss ,,f a kind and l«»v- enjopabld time, and returned to Arnprior tea Bay, where his death occurred as ^at*lur*	vv*t‘l nothing but the highest praise of
above stated.	I	------------ the dance and those who a*tended
U T Contre	I some manner an Arnprior paper and the
Pontiac Advance have crossed swords re-rhe recent thaw has left the roads in Native to said dance, and the young men a very bad state but we hope to see them whose fortune it was to be present desire good in a few days.	the public to understand that they had
Miss E. Farrell of Otter Lake, is visi- nothing whatever to do with the controv-tlng at Mr. Newham’s	ersy between the two papars. They re-
Quite a quantity of flour passes here gret deeply that much has r ecurred, as daily en route for Gillies’ depot on the they fee! as if they ni ght be shouldered ( t>ul°ngo.	with the nmponsibii ty, but in which they
Messrs. Armstrong and Rose will fin- had to connection, and it is hoped that nish their season's hauling the present ! the Shawville jeop'e will not blame them week.
Mr. W. J. Martin of Aldfield, has returned home from Whitehall, Ont., where he was employed a foreman for the Saginaw Salt and Lumber Co.
Mr. Win. Itueckwald had the misfortune to cut one of his wrists severely with an axe on Saturday. •
Corner of Hank » ml M el 11 tiglon Street8,
8|>etial attention given to appoint mente n.a-ie by mail.
| OTTAWA
A Misunderstanding Somewhere.
mid (KmcmL
on
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L L.
Are you using Dowd's Flour?
Herrings. Syrup, Rolled oats, C >rn ti.eal
J. U. Shaw.
SPC K
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all llm Courts of the District penally when required.

and Flour


t‘8-
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.


lKTiiiu McConnell.
a TTOKNE^ AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull.
r\. Que. will, at request,attendallvourtM in the Ilstrlct. All torrespondeuc* promut-
ly answered.
Will be atshawvllhflrtft Thursday of each month.
Holiness Convention. — The church of the Holiness Movement, which was erected at North Clarendon this winter will, (D. V.,) be opened by a Holiness Convention, commencing March 1st, and continuing three days. Sjrviui-8,
10.30, a. m. ; 2 30, and 7, p. m.
new
In
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Teacher’s Institute
72 MAIN ST.
• hull que.
Smallpox Spake. —It seems that one of
VA« ha.». «	~ | ed in making his way up to Black River
•pa», il M : & t o.	station, and as a constqueuce has créât* d
Vf ANUFAcruurNG stationers, HOOKNEL no MttIt* umasim ss in that section
ITf 1er*, Bookltindern Printers, etc. Deponitorv
«f the Ottawa Auxiller> BibleSoeiety,Ottawa,Ont / I	SolKEE AT BlUSTOI
rB .	Soiree is to be held in the Presbyterian
ü ILLIAill ELLIOT T	Church, Bristol, on Friday evening of
BAah'awvme 5ueE,	?" 1,W,io8 11,1,1 nm",l^ls "f
engagements for any UusineHsin connection t , Con»reghtio» are sparing no pains to with all Courts In the County. Collection ? "take it a success. Addresses will he du-madeand p-ompt returnsassured	I livered hy Rev. Mr. Taylor of Castleford;
Rev. M. H. Scott of Hull; Rev.
Coflin of Bristol ; Rev. J. A. McFarlane, of < >ttuwa and others, interspersed with a few very appropriate pieces by the Bristol choir, under the leadership of Mr. Andrew Mc(’redie. Refreshments served. Admission 25 and 15cents. Don’t miss it.
A very successful ii stitute was held at Quyon on Friday and Saturday, the vnteenth and eighteenth, under the dir ection of Mr. A. L. Gilman, Inspector of Protestant sjhools.
The number of teachers in attendance at both sessions was twenty nine practical work was considered; difficult points were discussed; the programme, in full, being bright, interesting and structive.
The twenty minute addresses of Mr. G'lnmn on the course of Study were of especial value.
Ht-V -
M Iich
An old-time
in any way
in*
OTTAWA MARKETS.
The following are last Saturday’s quota» tiens on the Ottawa market ;
Peas 00 to 00 cents.
Oats, 30 to 32c.
Wheat, 00 inOOc.
Rye, 00 to 00c.
Buck win at, 40 to 45c.
Barley, 00 to 00c.
Bay, $(> H» $9 per ton.
Straw, $4 00 to 84 50 per ton.
Potatoes 00 to 05c per bag.
Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 6 to 8c per lb.
Butter, print, 18 to 21 cents.
Butter, tub, 15 to 17 cents.
Eggs, fze-h, 20 to 25 cents.
Eggs, stored, 10 to 00 cents.
Apples, $2 50 to $3 50 per bbl. Tomatoes, 15 cents per gallon.
Hides, rough, 6c per pound
On Friday evening a meeting of Mr. missioning and persons interested
held for the purpose of considering the erection of a new school building following gentlemen wore present
Mr. Plaiifed, Comm’dis O'Donnell, A mm, Meredith and Dowd, Mr. W. A son, Svc’y of School; Mr. Millions, Mr Com La and Inspector Gilman meeting took a very decided turn in favor of a new edifice, and it is hoped in the interest of education at Quyon, that it will soon be commenced.
coin'
was
St. Lawrence Hall,
A Fmo Fishing Resort Cottage
The
m9
R,v
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
The Messra. T. and J. Sun ni I le have already sent up fifteen loads of lumber t< their lakes in the Tr u* L ike Sdttlomen t,
Sheen, to be used in the erection of the cottage which tin y and Messrs. Anthony and livine of New Vmk are putting up.
The walls of the but ding will b • of sided logs, and it will be quite extensive, wuh high ceilings sheeted with tor gued and grooved lumber, which will be high y polished and oiled. The sleeping «part merits will be upstairs, and extensive verandahs will surr -und the building.
An elegant open fireputCH will be placed in the chief living room, and the h-ui-e will bd elegantly furnished. One r..< will be fitted up at a winter ab» de, and i*
man will he kept th r • all the ye r round. I Oats..
Screen doors and window sereins wi- I 'Vas..........
Buckwheat
Barri
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attached.
The
Andrew Callander, of North G returning from working in the woods when he heard a report front a r:ftd and dropped to the ground as if by premoni tion, and just in time to hear the bul'et pass over hint, lodging in the ground only a foot away. It was from an Enfield r.flv in the hands of on neighbor who shooting foxes. The person who handles an Enfield rifle should realize that ho has exceedingly dangerous weapon, and should use it with the greatest precauti Record.
•wer.
was
PONTIAC HOusf
A Sit for Mr. R. 0. Miller.
m
was oui
Las' week’s Pembroke Standard contains the following editorial item : —
We heartily congratulate Mr. R C Miller, late editor of the Observer on his appointment to a Government position in the Yukon district. The exact nature of The elegant prizes offered by the man the position has not yet transpired, but i-ager of the skating rink for the handsom-	is expected to be that of Registrar of
<8t cost nines at the carnival to be held	on	Claims at Tagish Port. Mr. Miller is to	preyent the outrance «	f	fli s. The ktçh
i«eb., 28th, are daily on display at J. Me-	report at Ottawa on March 1st, when his en will be apart from the main building,	I	Rye......
Arthurs furniture store and are much	duties will be made known to him.	What- I but will be connected by a platform, r<*of	Eggs,	(fresh,)
admired by all passers by. The manager	ever the position may be, “ R. C. ” as	ed over. The trout lakes ou which this	Wool.........
18 sparing no pains to make this the most	he ia familiarly known, is worthy of it.	house will stand are situated in the inrun-	Butter......
successful carnival held in this section of	He has been a faithful worker in the Lib	I	tains, eight miles in tear of the trout lake	Pork	per	100,	dressed
— | the Ottawa Valley for years and it is to	eral party and, under the present system,	|	near James Sullivan’s, and possibly about |	Beef.	... ¦¦
enterprise will be
predated not only by the regular patrons I	ward at the hands of his political	friends I good wagon road all the way. The
C. CALDWELL,...........PROPRIETOR	I ^ the rink but by those from a distance,	who are now in a position to do	so. If est farm is two miles distant. The local	I	Hi 1rs,..
This hotel will be lound fully equipped	the young people are, we hear, the Government had always made as good I ity affords excellent hunting as well a» Pelts...
L<iîJh^cfï>jïïïïrntljlo^.^îJJl,e«Jîlt«Hc	8e_n*r-1 arranging each something in the way	of I	a choice of their officials in the Yukon	fishing. An elegant	cookstove has	al*	Turkeys
% MuSn	trifiSîï	ûlSi	lwir/75	UnrF <?me-	District as they have done in this instance	ready been sent up, and	all manner	of	Geese:..
connection.	The judges will be «elected from R^n* th ne would have been fewer official scan-1 poroelained utensils. Men will begin Chickens
Ladles and gents bicycle, kept /or hire | fww, Bryson and Shawville.	dais.	the work of bu Wing in March.	Duck-..,


r.

»! U

... Shawville Produce Quotations
i
Ot)
IH
m n n » i •
* -
ÏI.
O

Of) U 28
00 to 62
38 to 40 37 to 40

see#

tl'lr*
-
1ÜP 1
¦ ’ * !
r.r'K
i
mx

it «•
15
16 to 18 14 to 15 4 75 to 5 00 4 00 to 4.50 6 50 lo 7.00
----36 t o 50
6 GO to 6 76 .	40 to 75
----7 to 8c,
, II r
Ml
• e
• e
fe T#
» *
hie services are certainly entitled to re
fifteen miles from Sheenboro. There it
near
w I Hay per ton * Oal heine
ap
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
see
e e • e •
e e •
• #
# *
5 to
X
• e
5 to
• # e e
• • e
6 ta 7c*








###PAGE###2###
*
er you shouldn't wiy good-bye at the last. It would make me feel no had, only Hornet i mo before you go I want to tell you how much 1 love you for your goodness, and to ask you to be
AO TES A AH COMMENTS
precious truths, and you will cm* ta Heaven where we van meet again—» promise, won't you f"
I here was a momenta silence during which Tom choked down the tears he could scarcely suppress, ho strongly this scene reminded him of another, when lie 8nt by Mary's aide, nnd heard her dying voire urging him to meet her. Four years tho Southern sun had shone upon h tr grave, and ho had mode n<> preparation yet, but now h# would put it off no longer, and bending over Isaac, ho replied :
" 1 premise ; and if you nee my darling in the better land, tell her, (ïod helping m.-t I II find my way to where she hits gone."
The white lip \ feebly murmured their thanks, and then suddenly asked :
" Ik) you think mother’s got the letter you sen», and knows how airk I nm t If H4s she’s praying for me now, and maybe her pi av not afraid to die, but if f could go of life, but when at last he was re- home to Rock lit nil f i rwt, it would not stored again, he t rivd to dissuade Tom seem so bnd. I’ray, mother, pi ay—pray from making ho great a sacrifice but pray hard," and too much exhausted to all in vain. Tom silenced every objec- talk longer
| Love and War
11^
«s
Internet in Antartic exploration lias twn greatly stimulated during the l ast ft vv years by the departure of . ... t'vo well-equipped expeditions for W nth polar waters, and the proposal | cf (»vimany to fit out a third
1

a
He did not finish the sentence for
and
A STORY OF SLAVERY UtAY3. By MARY J. HOI MLS.
Tom knew what he would su y wiping both sweat and tears from off t he worn face, looking at him* he answered, ' *1 be a better man of i t so much till 1 name here, and Isaac, 1 am going to stay till you, too, are exchanged. Did you think I would desert the boy, who, but for me, would not have been a prisoner I”
Isaac did not reply ; only the soft, blue eyes lighted up with sudden, eager joy ; the lips trembled as if they would speak, there was a perceptible shudder, and then Tom held in his arms a fainting, unconscious form. The revulsion of feeling was too great, and for many minutes Isaac gave no sign
v>
S
so lovingly ill	to
I never felt t lie need

Con-
ulei mg i tie i ii'h results secured from
Not till then had Isaac observed the
tin* vi y ages of Ross and Crozier, and iha \aa I
"Could 1 see her," Isaac said one
field of research	opened	up	I tal1 fi*ur° standing near, but at live	day, "or even stand again beneath the
evnlororn	,h«	1V	tM	fl<,u,ld ot the well-remembered voice	Federal Flag, I .might get better, hut
*	.	’	0 llU lii he looked quickly up, and putting gen- here l shall surely die, and if I do, oh,
vo few serious	attempts	have	tly from him the head of Ins comrade,	Captain Carlton, you'll get them to
sprang to his feet with a scream of	send ms boms, won't you? l don’t cure
joy, and threw himself into the open	for myself where 1 am buried, but my
arms of Tom, who held and soothed	mother—it would break her heart to
him, while he sobbed out his delight
ü> v l a t e i that
I
n made suive then to solve the
great Ant art io mystery
The existai our globe of an area more.than
t ii
hear I was put with the negroes. She’s "Oh, Captain Carleton l" he cried, his a rough worn in, and folks who don’t body quivering with emotion. "I am so know her much, thinks she’s cross and glad 1	1 thought you had—I didn’t queer, but she's been so good to me,
,	know.—Oh, why haven’t you come be- and 1 love her so much 1 Oh, i .(her,
p.t ai advance made in the equipment fore, I'm so sick, so s ck and tired, that	mother, 1 wish she was here now, and
for i lif wLi k of exploration, almost 1 almost want to die 1 Will we ever	the sick boy turned his white face to
inconceivable ; vet it must long re- ^ exchanged ; have they forgotten us	tha wall, sobbing out choking sobs
«Ti rr>	s“‘ "	- 0&9K izr “• —
! n, , nt,.a . ;l 1 g< ,sc.,l 'j ake.s i he plate These were the questions which more Cries for home and mother were not i t r ° > and isolated effort.	than one poor captive had asked, and uncommon in that prison house, but
which none could answer. Tom, how- there was something so piteous in his ever, did the best he could, and hush- child like wail that other officers than in his stead.
S uth polar problems is the kind of ing Isaac as he would have hushed and	Tom tient over the jn>or lad, trying to	Tom	had	spent	several	months	in
international action taken with ro- quieted n grieving child, he spoke to	comfort him by telling of an exchange	Richmond, and	in the higher circles	he
him many a word of comfort, promis- ' which, it was hoped would ere long Vie numbered many personal friends who, ing to care for him as for a younger effected, and by painting happy pio- until quite recently, were ignorant of brother, and speaking of various ways lures of the glad rejoicing which the fact that ho was a prisoner in the Antarctic in which his forlorn condition should would greet the returning captives, their midst. Of these tlie more loyal regions, working	in unity towards de-	bettered, now that he was an inmate	For un instant the great tears, drop-	to the n w Confederacy ignored him
fini’ ends	md	e mi inn in , l , .f	°* the same prison. It was a blissful	ping so fast from Isaac’s lids, were	entirely. Others, nm,'inhering his gen-,
°	11 g u n ' '	interview, and its good effects were	staid in their course, and a smile of	, lal humor, and quiet, gentlemanly man- Its regulation* have been altered in
torts for a	long	term of years. Still,	seen in the brightness of Isaac’s face,	hope shone on Ids pallid face, but quick-	ner which had won their admiration
presence m those remote waters t and the cheerful smile which played ly passed away as ho suggested,	for the elegant Bostonian and his gen-
around his mouth, even after Tom lmd "Yes. but who knows if I will be on tie wife, threw prejudice aside, and re-gone to his quarters lielow.	the list ?"	spec ting him because he had stood
Softer than downy pillow seemed the No could tell him that. All would ?irm,y by his own State, visited him large results,	for there must	of neves-	hard bare floor that night, as with his	n()1 go	they knew, and	they could only	,n his prison while others sent play-	repairer» oi adjusters of weight a, mea-
si >	be	a	good	deal of collaboration	arm thrown round bis invalid friend,	wai| patiently, each hoping he would	,uI messages that though they denuune-	^
Isaac lay dreaming of the frost-tipped	^	favored one.	At last there	ed him as an intruder upon their rights
trees at home, and the brown nuts	came u	duv mwer to	forgotten by	they owned him as a friend, and,®1
ripening on the hill, where he, per-	the inmates of that tobacco house, a	would RUdly ameliorate his condition,	and tbcndVre cannot have In t heir
I he	first of these expeditions	hips, might pick them yet, for loin	<jay on wllich Wua read lllo names of	To thest> acquaintance it was soon	possession any weights, measures oi
,, ,,	- StSS 1 EtHB SSUS5.-S css nr rs “«=s
-pi- >s	ot	the Belgian government,	would be upon (ho list, ho Isaac honied	unp aflor another was called. "Captain	the surveillance held over Turn, v, hi le	allow' them to go >ut Of their posse*.
a;u' lies	(ii	iham s Land and \ ictoria	his would, and in slumber s fitful fancy	^ bomas Carleton" was among the num-	® privileges hitherto denied by the	siuu until they have been inspected
Land for its object ; the second that he was at home again, and saw his tno- 1hTi und n <lwp fiush stole to the strict jail discipline were accorded to
" »       «...mif r. ssyrii- s stsssuk & sssrs; srsy-srs
August, and sleeping, just as she used to do. llow and ,ike waves u.H)Il lhe ^-ach, the ito<1 (he invalid, growing strangely in the South	still he lay to mike her think he was	lhrul>H ()f )0y beat arouad his heart,	Crested in the gentle "Yankee	boy," I
asleep ! How real seemed the vision,	muking him glad as a little child when	and bringing many a delicacy	with 1
« i».,b,.,.	srs«•	- *«?.. ¦«,	î
r the Lulu re of the foi- it 1 In a corner of the loom there	»	,	bun back to health so leng as he ways, cedinrics, cheese factories,
spip isiSsii mmmM mmmm...............................................................................................-..........- - -
¦ - .........- ~ *
It	is well	to remember in estimât-	>xalcb from the window, beneath the	^ ^	utder	mmirnfnl t ul	Yankee hoy was dying."	u	greater number	of	weights,	tnan	is
ing	the	risks	of	polar	research, how	J'^rnot hc^nQ1 sof^f “uhery nHlowfùr	eyes, fixed so wistfully upon the caller	There were not m my now in	pri- required	by	its certified	capacity sub-
eEIEI iSüîigSl liBipSil
Then, reason came hack again as clear an<j tei h i. ing bon subjected tu pressed Viet ween Tom Carl et on's hand hydraulic pressure tests !»y t lie Jo-p reused between his own he dictated pu. t merit at Ottawa, are permitted to
be used.
The inspection of a computing scale does not include the computing part.
t w'iio the size of Kuitqie, of which practically nothing i* known, is, with id vantages of steam and the
ors w ill save; I m
\ h»
t he haîf-deîiriouH boy tion, and when the 3rd of January turned upon the pillow, furnished by camo, and prisoners were released, an- some kind lady, and fell into a heavy other than Tom Carleton answered le I sleep, from which the. physiciens said his name, and marched from Richmond he would never waken.
What is needed for the solution of
(To he continued.)
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
LhhI to Arctic problems in 1882, the establishment by the nations of, a cordon of stations about
Feme Am* uilnwitf* of lulrrr»! le flu
I'm Id If.
The weight1’ and measure* a^t and
some important particulars, as to
the scope of which the public should he Informed.
th
of two expeditions with the early
promise of a third, cannot fail of
Auctioneers, second-hand dealers and
sures or wcighing-inachraos are ' de 1-wit bin the meaning of the act
and a multitude of simultaneous ob-seixations taken at widely separated
IKiints
is that of Captain tier lac he, s died more than a year ago under the
an
and stamped.
J ho equivalent for a bushel of linn is eighty pounds.
The equivalent fur a bushel of onions is fifty pounds.
S uit hern Cross
last
whose object is to reach
Of neither expedition has, we

K>lt
believe depart un nier i
i
glint mills, gram warehouses, public markets, and for the weighing of coal
spring scales.
The using with a weighing machine
jects the delinquent to a penalty of
m ea m not oi
uid provided for, that the 1 to die, even in this dingy hole ; that
Heaven and Jesus are as near to me here on the floor, as if 1 were lying
__	on my own bed at home, with her stuiul-
Science and	ste-am	have,	in	brief, so	mg by. Tell her Tm glad 1 fought for
simplified	the	problem of	polar re-	the Stars and Stripes, but sorry I ran	But	though she did not	sec it, there
away without her consent, for I did. was one who did, and guessing at the I got out on the wood-shed roof, and thoughts which prompted it, he walked so came off unseen. She’s prayed for away to be alone, and gather me every day and night, and God has strength for the sacrifice he must
heard her prayers. He sent you here make. Tom Carleton could not de- „ _	,	.	„
to lead me in the way, and after 1 am sert the boy who had clung so faith- ,	* ™l,, neyef, go home any more,
gone, he' ll let you go back again." fully to him, and as Isaac had once said, and I ve built such bright There was a few more whisjiered	staid	by him in the Virginia woods,	(jast‘e ajK,ut	ll-	,0<J*	fancying how	nice
words on either side, and then the ex-	when	he might have gone	away, so he	d	w<)U‘d se	m	to lie on	mtUner s	soft,
hausted but hirppy youth fell away to now would stay with Isaac. Still it u,l,m o®**, and watch the sun shining sleep, while Isaac wept with thank- was hard to give up going home, for a through the windows, or the g»ass fulness that his confinement there moment he felt as if he could not. 8Pr,nK‘ng by the door. I he anew will
There was a fierce struggle between melt frora the garden before long, and
¦BBli
:SSE! iWm «WI
.... * """	- * “u	7m % :	ma	setiusts
apathy	which came stealing over him	wishing himself more	like	that	sick	,inued-
i 11ion of a stalk	of corn was a	sign	so fast.	Touched with pity at his	,K>y he bent over the	cot,	and	said
of service and faith. So, too, at hiring	forlorn,	dejected appearance, his com-	cheerily,
fairs in later tira s servants wishing rades made him a little bed in the cor-	Isaac, are you asleep ?"
to be hired carried a straw in their ner where the dead boy had been, and
mouths; and, in the days when unserup- there all the day long he lay, rarely something so kind and sympathetic that Tell them, too, how much T love them, u loua persons deliberately hired them- noticing any one except Tom Carleton, Isaac started up, and winding his fee- and how proud I was of them that selves out to litigants to give any evi- who came often to his side, and whose arms around Tom's neck, sobbed day at Bull Run. i hey used to plague Pen e that was wanted, they wore	own warm blanket formed the pillow	out,	me sometime*, and call me a girl baby,	to f he grave."
straws in their shoes, from which eus-	for his head. From the first floor to	" Forgive ïne, Captain Carleton ; I'm	but I’ve forgiven that, for I know they	i he filing party had raised their
mm wte hive the saying ‘‘man of the third there was not one who was	glad you are going hf me, but I wasn't	did not mean it. I hope they’ll both	rifles and were awaiting the final	or-
n\r,ivv "—a person of no material or not more or less interested in the pile	it first ; the bad. hard lumps kapt rais-	be spared. It w ould kill mother to lose	der to shoot, when a mease nge"	on
moral worth. The horse with straw	invalid, bearing his pain so patiently,	>ng in my throat as I thought of stay-	us all. Tell her how I bless her for	horseback burst through the crowd
phited in his mane and tail is per-	never complaining, never repining, but	ing here alone without you. But they’re	the lessons of my childhood, the pray-	and handed the commanding officer a
htp> the last surviving instance of the	thanking those, about him for any	gone now. I prayed them all away,	ers said at her knee before I knew	sa led	letter.
significance	of	straw	as implying	or	kindness rendered with such childlike	and I am glad you are going. I shall	their meaning, the Sunday School sh-	The	condemned man and woman ein-
ouching sweetness, that even the	miss you dreadfully, but God will not	sent me to, th* Bible Stories told in	braced	each other and shed tears oJ
ough jailer regarded him with favor,	forsake me. And, Captain Carleton, if	the winter twilight. Tell her I was	joy a;	their supposed reprieve, but it
vmm it Y not i tp ON THF HOOSIFR I and paused sometimes to speak to him	you ever do,—see—my,—my—"	not afraid to die, only I wanted her	soon transpired that only t he mm	was
L	'	1 a word of encouragement.	Isaac’s	voice was choked with tears,	so much, but everybody's been good,	pardoned, while the woman h .d	to
In this state of feeling it was not a	and he could not at first articulate	There are	kind folks	here in Richmond,	undergo the extreme penalty.
It looks kinder queer Malindy, said difficult matter for Tom to obtain per-	that dear word, but soon recovering, he	ind	God	will bless	them	for	it.	Oh,
the new millionaire to his wife after mission for Isaac to be removed from went on—" see, my mother, you'll tel! -’iphxin Carleion, I'm, a poor, ignor-the guest had departed, that the Count the dirty corner above to his own her about me. Tell her everything ex- rat boy, and you a proud, rich men wouldn't take his coat off at dinner comparatively comfortable cot in the <ept how I’ve suffered. That would d« ut you will heed mo, won't you, and like the rest of us, don’t it f	officers’ apartment below. But this	no good—-'twould only make her cry
Mayb* ke didn't have no shirt, sug- did not effect a cure. Nothing could	rad when she hears, as she maybe will
gested the lady. Rve seen fellers fix- do that save a sight of home and mo	hat 1 am dead, tell hcr I wasn t afraid
up jw»%*ay in the shows.	they.	for the Saviour was with me
st ini red
hardships and suffering attendant upon them hare been greatly mitigated. 1
search in our day, that the continued existence of lands whose geographical outlines ur 3 uncertain and whose geo-logi. 11 features are unknown, seems an an m;Uy. It is to bo hoped, there-f<»r**, that Gerlache and Bore hg rev ink may succeed in penetrating the ice harrier along which Ross sailed, and which shuts out the great Antarctic region from the outer world, and disclose the secret that lies behind.
whnt Tom should say to th* mother when he went hack to her alone, and left her boy behind.
Former regulations requiring certain qualities of tin for measures of capacity are cancelled. All that is now required is "stout tin plate."
The foundations for weigh bridges, hay scales, etc., are to be of stuns whenever possible, sufficiently deep not to ue affected by frost. The pits are to be fixe feet deep and drain-
had not been all in vain
see
ed
4 A MAN OF STRAW ”
MELODRAMATIC EXECUTION.
Origin of ilev 4nch nl and Mill Popular
Phrase.
From time immemorial straw, probably because of its inseparable connection with bread, the staff of life, has had a more or I tvs sacred significance. Our Aryan forefathers strewed their altars with it, and swore on it as we
Kemarlutble Hr rue ul an Kxeculloe al t
S'*r>l.in lllliigr.
At a Servian village G'xar Frokuplje,
wont
says the Vienna cur respondent of the London Dai
Mail, a Greek priest, named I lie Jevrein was recently murdered. Ilis wife and her lover were condemned to death by shooting for the crime.
The hour of the execution arrived, and the two criminals were placed before the firing party in full view of thousands of spectators, who were kept back by troops. The man broke down and bowled for mercy, but the woman was cool and cynical, and remark-
tu the stalk of corn being used as the
latio, whence naturally comes " stipulation." In mediaeval times the presen-
" Tell mother not to fret too murh for me. I guess she did love me best because I was the youngest, but Eli|od:— In the tone of his voice, there was I and John will comfort her old age
"How famous we are 1 If I ban
died a simple priest's wife not ten people would have followed my coffin
4
binding a contract
i
CUSTOM
As her lover was led away the woman clung to him, begging for one more look and one more word from i'im, but h'> repulsed lier pitilessly, and ben I m gone, you II t.i-e my litth | went away without uven g’.ncing at >9tatn°nt and read it every day. Read t first f r Isaac's sake, but it won't e long before you'll re; d it for its
her
After this affecting scene the death entenco was carried ottt.
I’d rath

###PAGE###3###
the cggti were forgotten In the melting.
iVi.ulaw.-ma ginger cuke ia juat an good with no eggs, provided an extra spoonful of flour ie added.
'1 he writer was called to the bedside of a wick friend In the winter when
u her return,
right. The mnn who will no* take
pily on his flock after witnessing	then	à	wwvm»
efforts to get. a drink in	that	way	I	g	^	J
ought never to keep sheep.	They	need	Jg.	I	#1A riAmA	5
a great deal of water and mud have	I llV 1 1VII 11W f
it to do well.	IBlW	*	$
lu the way of courue fodder, mixed	-%%%%%%%%! eggs were scarce, Lpo
timothy and clover, cut early, ia the	m< Pfii ivunAiiuAnn	the young domestic «aid:
bent of anything. Now and then	tAliuAUo,	“Mia. C— came over and made u# a
some nice, bright oat straw may he Besides its unpleasant odor the cab- cake. She used six eggs, and honest-
substituted f»r hay. You will find bage bus acquired su unsavory repute- *». *t wasn't as good aeyour «talc with
K i::l“i1r& 7	u*
1C very day a few whole oats may now Cu0*ted it is most indigestible. 1 ho direoi ion re.su led from un experiment, be frd owes soon to yean. For sheep **)ef and cabbage dinner of the farm- I he children cal mo red for ice cream, it
LÛT.	T«.» ™ r “ -	— » “ «*•	«.»».!.
prize barley even more highly,f and wholesome and is as extravagant a rash proceeding. Three quarts of the (here is no doubt that it is good, but waste of food values as can be instano- morning's mi k were usually scalded,
I have seen sheep made too fleshy by <*|. The ilch juices of the beef, if the in case ice cream was wanted during
isir; issusstl,tvs r\— —* - ««—»’ s	....
Instead of oats nml a frequent ration hua’ bav« bü«“	d™wn out in the which 1 crumbled three or four slices ways tired, never hungry
of turnips or small potatoes will have wall water, and these are still further of stale white cake. 1 whipped a cup and with a palpitating heart afi**r
a decidedly good effect upon the di- diminished by boiling in fresh water, of cream, a scant cupful of sugar, and slight exercise, so that mere,y to gut up (restion	,	. . .	‘ , .,	, the one egg together, and beat in the stairs is exhausting
On sunny days sheep like to run out 1,*w“l cuok 18 to retuln the Ju,ceM ot dissolved onke, end milk, flavoring to eonsulted he ti lls them that they art for a while in the sunshine, but at lll<‘	to bit served, and the great- taste, and a firmer, finer cream never ana*me—the plain hngush for whieft
night and on stormy day» they should cr part of its nourishing qualities are came from a freezer.	in th-y have too lit tie blood—and un-
5 'jz t& ttt *" ;r0 •••V», ;*• 7*-,-	rsrfcss?
them dry. Sheep are exceedingly **'1 ol lu*uor- llui cabbage has been year round/. yel if she uses less, when l ink Fills for Palo Reople.a taken to sensitive to a dump sleeping place, cooked m its rank juices, which should prices are high, her pin money" can restore health, decline and an early When yeaning time comes on, the have been extracted, making it coarse be much augmented.	gr:ive is on-y too likely to follow.
Z75S “ - —	CHILDREN'S COU».	£	ÛZLvg
tie danger that the sheep will not vegetable if it had been properly A simple remedy is a teaspoonful of fo lowing testimonial from Mi»» Ida come through all right and du well cooked.	syrup of ipecac dissolved in a glass of F'Okman, of Marksvnlo,	much
all through the summer.	This represents the perversion of cold water, and administered by the ,,|"2surTt^ickiiowle.lge “the benefit 1
cookery. The first effort off the intel- teaspoonful every hour. If there seems have derived from the u.so ofl Dr. VVil-ligent cook is to retain the juices of to be any hoarseness in the breathing, hams' rink Fills. My health wae
»•*'''t, "hile she Munches a great many a flannel cloth clipped in camphorated ^'“^foouM ^cely'^walk aero»” T vegetables in order to free them from oil and beited quite hot and laid across
Healthy, Happy Girls
ÿ tfMW-VVVAWiV.YAWV/.
I Agricultural I
POINTS ON M A UK FT 1 NO BUTTER.
roil Id only see
OFTEN BECOME LANGUID FROM NO
APPARENT CAUSE.
rif Blood I* a Vital Klement-Il Heel ¦«
17
Somel linen if men ahead for a very short time I hey could ma ko many or certain plans that would be the means of giving them success, Iho failure to make which causes total
I
I
Thin Wit y «mis Yean» €lrlâ AUmI» Pfrfffl llenllh.
In the early days of her womanhood rveiy gi t1—no matter what her station in lib —shuul I he bright, active, cheerful and happy; her step should be light, her eye bright and her cheeks rosy with th«* glow of health But the
the unfortunate condition of
Finding
failure, writes II. ti. Matteson.
Now 1 propose to explain some
t he
things that 1 find common in butter market that cause loss, which
only known to most
rcHver.se is thousand# of young girls throughout
Un y ili.ig along, al-
breathleas
if they
dairymen, and they would heed them, would bo a benefit to them
were
Just
how to explain matters is to me a question. 1 know of but one practical way, and that is to tell just what 1 see day after day as 1 go through the market. A few days ago, while in a huiler store, a customer came in looking for a purchase of several tubs, and the dealer began to show his stock. 1 noticed that each tune the purchaser called for a package to he opened for the trial he invariably choose one that looked clean and tidy on the outside. While looking through quite a large stock he came to a bunch of tubs that were not only clean but nicely varnished or oiled on the outside; every cover was perfect, white clean timber, no knots or dark stained spots in the wood. When the covers were removed the butter was clean and smooth, covered with a parchment paper and everything about the package was tidy and attractive. The result was that his purchase was made from this lot, at l(k> per pound, while at the same time there were other lois selling for from 12 to 13c.; and aside from the general appearance there was scarcely any difference in the quality of the butter inside the package; and without doubt had some of the other lots been tried, he would to nearly balance, the heavier end being toward the handle, so the one
finished, with pushing or pulling it will have little
To the sides of the
If a doctor is
A HANDY FARM CART.
On nearly every farm there is one two pairs of unused cultivator With these a cart can he
room. 1 was very pal#, had no appe-tho*e coarse juices and leave a delicate the chest, with a number of pieces of | tit c and gradually lost flesh until 1 was
Tbe.se principles once flannel over it to keep in the heat, will mare y a .skeleton. 1 was subject to pal-
fre„ pi tat ion of the heart, di/zineas and vio-t, . ,	.	, . 1-nt headach e. 1 was under treatment
Special care should from two doctors, but neither seemed
this
or
wheels.
made which will .save much labor, and
- digestible pulp.
understood, the mam secret of the sue- often give relief, oessfui cooking of meats and vege- quently renewed.
tables is mastered. Some vegetables, always Lw taken not to expose the child to benefit me and 1 went on in like corn or green peas, are so delicate to draughts, or in any way by which a way for about seven months. Having
in flavor that they do not require trwh oold may be taken while iM. !	'l	% %%
blanching, but would b# injured by it; medicine is given. the perspiration f„n. x fini hedtht second box I began but others, like spinach, string beans, induced by this and almost any medi- ( to jrap,ove and by the time 1 had used
uud notably .11 the cabbage family, % "g%T"lu"y" «hti™ tt %». TnT h^g%d^%unL':n must be blanched.	draughts, or any change of tempera-, Wl.ighti £ arn grateful for what Dr.
There are few vegetables more deli- lure. A simple cold in thu head and williams'Pink Pills have done for me clous than a cabbage cooked in cream lbrual muy often be casby tubbing and fneiy glVe t his testimony in the
T.,.. —ew i...h 2»	—
hwd of white cabbage and cut it in tallow or simple olive oil, with a few * M(jn. pale and bloodless girls have quliters, afier removing the outer drops of camphor sprinkled in it, will }},.bn ma,je bright, active and strong given leaven. Cut out the stem from answ«r ,th‘' ««me i.urpose. In case of by ,)r. William." PlnW Pills than, by
the had and throw the cabbage into a ing flJ0(1 at its meals as it will take. thft th»*tr daughters entering woman-kettle of boiling water. Let it cook The system is in a weakened, debili- hu0#1 arb flt rei gi hened and invigorated for ten minutes; then remove it with a ta ted condition, and may often be com- l>y use 0f this great blood making skimmer and put it into cold water to pletely rallied by rich, wholesome, t(,nio y0[d \ty un dealers or sent post cool. After this the unpleasant odor stimulating food. .	,	paid at fitic a box or six boxes for #2.60
noticeable in cooking cabbage dis-	_________________ hy addressing the Dr. Williams' Medl-
Wben ,he CJb *** lS 00	THE RETIRED BURGLAR.	00,16 Co- Brook ville, Ont
la should le
Especially is this
many steps where there are half grown children
about. They will enjoy working with the cart and will do much of the feeding, haul wood and cobs, and do many chores that would otherwise take up the farmer's time and attention.
A box about 2 1-2x3 1-2 foot and six
or eight inches in depth is set on axle lung enough to give the wheels plenty of play, in such a manner as
an
other
have purchased from them After this deal
the permission of the dealer, 1 went weight to cany
through his stock on hand. And here box fasten with nails or bolts, three
is what 1 found—tubs with hoops inch boards, extending three feet from black and slippery with mold, with | (he box and about five from the axle, nails driven in to hold them to the i £jure an inch hole through the ends package, covers on which were spots nn(i |mt u round piece of wood, such uu where the blacking used for marking UH an 0ld pitchfork handle or other bu the package had been spilled, covers strong wood, into tl^eae holes, fasten-split and colored from being wet, tubs jng the ends by wedging firmly. This covered wiih cheap, unbleached cloth will serve as a means of propelling wdth u heavy coating of common bar- the cart* Underneath the rear end rel sail, tin pails rusty and bruised, the cart, standards can be spiked some yf them with the tin coating off ur (jolted on, so that the cart box will in spots, not one in fifty that looked always remain in nearly a horizontal wholesome and tidy ; butter that was position when the propeller releases as white as lard, butter of a deep ^e handles, orange color, butter that was mottled ami streaked like marble; some salted with cheap salt that was still not dissolved, and when the cover and cloth were removed this was covered with si»ecks of dirt. All of these things can be remedied, or entirely overcome, and any one or all are the means hy which butter will remain unsold or will have to he sold at reduced prices.
Here are some suggestions for dairymen ; Never use anything but a clean sound tub with perfect hoops and covers. Use parchment paper instead of cloth on the butter. If you use salt, which is entirely needless, on the paper, use none but fine, clean salt, end a very small amount at that.
Never use tin. If you want small packages, s;iy 5, 10, 15 or 20 pounds, use something made of wood, of which there are many kinds, among them white cedar, a very tidy, tasteful package, i As to color nothing comes nearer perfection than a good lemon.
Unless you have a private trade, put your butter on the market as fast as made; for very few dairymen make article that will not show an old flavor after being held for weeks. 1 know that this proposition calls for the selling many times of some of the finest of Juno butter for a very low price; but with very few exceptions holding the butter puts it all at those very low prices, while if sold as soon made, an early and later make will bring prices that will raise your average price much above the winter price for held summer make. Finally in every resect put your butter in the beat of shape, the same us you do any ether thing sold or put on sale from your farm. Do with it as you always do with a horse or cow when you put It on sale; you clean these up, and with the horse put on the best harness ind trappings—sometbing that attracts and favorably impresses a would-be purchaser; for almost without exception first impressions are strongest and quite generally prevail. Last of ill, put your own name and address on every package In good, plain, attractive type; this will give a purchaser confidence in your goods, because he will know you are not ashamed of them, and this name is at the same time virtually a guarantee that everything Is honest and straight.
was
Mothers should see
appears
chop it fine, season it with salt and pepper, and add two large tablespoonfuls of butter, mixed with an even tuble-hpoonful of Hour and a pint of milk. 1 Ait the cabbige s turner slowly for three-quarters of an hour and then
SOMETHING ABOUT TIDES.
He l>oe*n'l Believe In Lurie, but Think* Hi lugs llu ll«p|ii‘ii Curiously.
According to the law of universal gravitation the moon attracts matte* which stands near to her more strong-
T don't believe in luck," said the
retired burglar, “but it certainly is Such a dish of cabbage served with a curious how things happen sometimes.
SLIM	roughr,‘lhteoder; U°ln« uut u£
git us a dinner an ep.oure might enjoy, abüUL a quarter of 1, 1 dropped my i he meat has had ail its juices careful- lantern putting it in my overcoat poc-
ly saved by browning it in a small por-'j^ an,£ broke the builseye. 1 had an- which is nearest to the moon, must be
... ....... .to. ad.enlageou.ly u,
ed in a fight. It was urged that they By this method all tho liquor in,*®ct lamp but it had nevei been used, uence there is a tendency for the constituted	a	part	of the	body,	just	which the meat is cooked ia saved fur	and	wasn't even	filled;	and it took	me	#eu tu depart	from its natural spheri-
the same	as a	hand or	foot,	const*-	the gravy. A pot roast is similar to	half	an hour on	more	t<i fit	up that	cal shape and	to bulge outward toward
—— -—*— - r- «< •—<1	- “sr.b...
met hull of boiling meat, when the best	that	much Liter.	j8 perpiexing	to many that the moon
parts of the beef are soaked out iu the	“1	had the house I	was going	to	should apparently repel the water
water.	marked, and 1 got there all right and lying on the further side of lie
i._........................wîX'wS+lSS^SSJSSK««--v-7u...
Cui out the heart stem, with th* root of tremendously disappointing. It was a
a medium-sized cabbage, the. outer green leaves.
t*ei ve.
ly than that which is more remote It follows that the attraction on the ocean, at the side oIf «he earth
WOODEN LEGS ARE WEAPONS
It has recently been decided by an English Court that artificial limbs
ed
HUMOR OF THE INSANE.
This action, however, is not due to any actual repulsion from the moon, and remove gi;01 big house, promising-looking (jut results from the fact that on the
. ,	,	.	-	.	. Plunge J lie £lom ljie outside, but very lean in- further side the moon must attract
other day, said the superintendent of head into an abundance of boiling .	.	.	the solid earth more strongly than it
an insane asylum, “when one of the water for ten minutes, and then take it	that is rtH 0	' a does the water.
patients	a harmless fellow who is	al-	UP	v*y	carefully so as not to	break it.	worth carrying off; silver all plated, Un the nearer side	the moon pulls
IajI	it cool. Stuff the inside of the	anij that sort	of thing; and 1 didn't	the water away from	the earth, and
building	and grounds,	cam*	in. pale	carefully"^thTthe	«‘Lfdng	«"* »	ibiug downstair, worth	»« .h^fur.he,^she P-^^earih
with indignation, and	said	that	he	will not	come out. Put the	cabbage	talc ng away,	men l Ma/uu up. ia rs	^ apparent repulsion	of the water to
into a braising kettle, with a small hopeful, of course; but the fact was the ^ attraction on the other side carrot, a small white onion and cup outJ0ok was poor, no doubt, about that
«•id. for it waa the Prince of Wale, 1 u/Xn oîtn îop “ohf'iu,iuin« " downstair»
covered, for one hour, basting it occas- you couldn t expect much up. And 1
Serve it with a rich brown band t got hall way up the stairs
when 1 heard somebody at the front door outside putting i k« y in the lock.
Say. that looked as though it knocked out the last chance there was of iny getting anything, even if there was anything there to get, buu of course I to the cuisine of all lands, and it is wanted to look out for myself, anyway,
staple article of diet; yet many and 1 made for the top of the stairs,
thatl eggs iimy oft- 1 Io look foi a dark pocket to stow myself in till 1 got a chance to pass out.
"But the second sound of the key different	complexion on
the man	with tin	key
flfmlrut wf an Asylum
'T warn sitting in my office the
lowed to have the freedom of the
had a complaint to make.
“ ‘What is it, your Highness,/
an
l
NOTHING LIKE IT.
was talking to
“'Are the rules oif 1 he palace to be ionally.
sauce.
observed or not V he demanded want to know whether our rules can
T
Dodd’s Kidney Pills’ Cures are Simply Marvellous.
as
EGOLESS COOKERY.
be broken with impunity.'
“'Certainly not, your Highness,’ I
The nutritious egg enters largely in-
Bead sf Blew Cure* Kvery Bay-All D«d(Ti Kidney Pill* « errd
said ; 'what is it V “ T was coming down the corridor
on^the° vrà 11^1 ^w^do^en red* i^iï.s, Cüoks ar« unaware
marked, "j?'or fire only." Now is on be disprn-ed with, and the dish be ____
that right	or	not /'	improved thereby	writes Fanny L.	puL a
“ It	is,'	1	said, 'The sign is cor-	p'dUCher.	The aged	grandmother who	things;
¦*"'	“>• “°r“- ! f;d
¦1........ — .«w.-«>• IL 3"
e? y pane k-s as their	ccoT made, though	and got	in	there	and	turned	up	a
I	the used	three or four eggs; do you	light. Then	1	didn’t	hear	anything	of
him for a minute or two, and then he up el something with a crash that just simply shook the house. I looked to see everybody in it come rushing around right off, but nobody came at all; maybe they were used to such things, but anyhow they slept though this.
are Gee*I ne Nr. €. H. tirlgg», #f ¦amlllen, of
BrU^I'i Disease.
a
never knew
Hamilton, Feb. 13.—“I anything like the way these testimonials to the efficacy of Dodd's Kidney Pills, in Kidney Diseases, appear in the newspapers,” said a citizen, a couple of evenings ago, as he laid down loa punier, after having read on? of thq
st imoniala.
"How is that ?” queried his friend.
"Well, no matter what paper you take up, you find in it, the narrative of a cure of Kidney Disease, by Dodd's Kidney Phis
time it is
as
"‘Well, then,' he said, 'John, referring to a keeper, must be punished. As 1 stood there he came along and filled the pails with water.’
"'He shall be executed at once,' said, and the Prince bowed with great seriousness and walked out of the
ing after her return
» eggs in your pancakes, these are light as leathers!**
"This incident illustrates a trick | "No, 1 wouldn't use them in pan-which few people know anything cakeS j eggs to sell," 1 replied, about," continued the superintendent. '
"That is, that there is more uncon- , , . , . .	. . ,1A ,
scions humor about a lot of lunatics any food m wloch th-cy en lei is tough
than there is genuine humor among and leathery,' it is unfit for the sa ne (K-nple. Some of the things that my patients say and do are funnier than any of the things I read or hear from the outside world. I tell you, life isn’t so prosaic as you'd think in an insane asylum."
US<'
as
room
And, mind you, every HUppI* that’s talked about. They don’t harp on the one case all the time, so, if they are all true, Dodd's Kidney Pills must be
curing people by thousands.
think the testimonials
a new case
Eggs may contain nutriment, but if
"Then 1 heard him for some minutes at work getting off bis clothes, and 1 heard him drop one shoe, and then for a long time there was perfect stillness and th**n I heard him snoring, than buckwheat, When I ventured to look in I didn't
need my new bullseye, he had. left his
__,	light burning brightly, and there he
with weak digestion, oi those of seden- w;ls st retched out on the bed, pertly
clothed, and with one shoe still on and 1 hiked Indian pudding and pumpkin sleeping so soundly you could n’t have
Ï	woke him up without shaking him, and
it would have been hard work at that.
"When I had rounded up his stuff I found a gold watch, a pair of diamond sleeve buttons, a pretty fair-sized diamond pin, and a pocket book with $71 in it. It looked as though he carried the we tli h of the household, and I hould have missed him if I hadn't dropped my lamp. I don't believe in luck, but if I did I should certainly think there was luck in that.**
Don't you	,
true f" questioned his friend Oh yes, 1 know they are.
' here’s a case that I've investigated "Mr. C. S. Griggs, a carpenter, who lives at 151 Queen Street South, Hamilton, says he was told, eight years ago, that he had Bright s Disease. lie couldn’t get any relief, let a lope a cure, till he tried Dodd’s Kidney Pills. He used three boxes of that remedy, and was completely cured by them.'"
"I don’t know how many if tmiltoi* people have lieen cured of Kidney Disease by Dodd’s Kidney Pills, but the number must tie enormous, for hardly a week pisses that 1 don’t see a testimonial from one of our citizens, in the
papers."	.
"Dodd's Kidney Pills in a great
nvdicine—the onlr Kidney Cure under the sun."
Well beaten pqpcake batter
stomach.
WINTER CARE OF SHEEP.
The nearer we come to spring the more carefully should we look after the health of the sheep, says E. A. Vincent. A little neglect just now may cost more than we at first thought would be willing to admit. A prime requirement at any season of the year, but especially in winter, is that sheep should have plenty of pure water. I knjpw there is an idea among many sheep men that sheep do not need much water in cold weather. In con-lequence of this mistaken notion, we not infrequently see the poor creatures knee deep in the snow banks rymg bard to assuage their thirst by lick mg the cold snow. This la not
t
•dit*
containing a little acid cream, will be light and feathery, and whole wheat flour nsf'-ir belter which ought not to bo eaten by anyone
Now
LONGEST HEAD OF HAIR
tat y habits.
The woman who possesses the longest head of hair iç the world is said to be Mercedes Lopez, a Mexican height is five feet, and when she stands erect her hair trails on the
pies are better made without eggs, since in these old fashioned dishes we desire a custard flavor. If used
Her
do not
for the latter, one egg for two pies will be quite sufficient. These old-time favorites are in demand when fresh eggs if they can be obtained, bring exorbitant prices, and it were better to use none than those that are stale.
Muny cakes are good without eggs. An ordinary cake of sugar, butter, and mi Ik was found quite palatable though
ground four feet eight inches. The hair
is eo thick that she can completely hide herself in it. She has it cut very frequently, as it grows so quickly, enabling her to sell large tresses to hair
She is the wife
dealers every month
of a poor sheep herder.
i

5 # >

i

###PAGE###4###
r
\
>

PLANING,
MATCHING *
* DRESSING For Sr.
MOW HONK AT
Elliott & Bailier’s Mill
M. Loubet war elected President of France on Saturday, in succession to the late M. Faure.
The Cquitj;.

SHAWV1LLE, FEB. 23 , 1899.
Our article of February O h dealing with the attitude of the Advance in
w
cL
The Chambre de Commerce, of Mon
regard to Mr. Cm pore's efforts In w
tm>l. Ht its Annual mooting a fvw days I ,|K.mhC„ „f the Georgian Bay Canal
ago, mention was mado by the. President 1,0home haa elicited a voluminoue reply and several uf its members of t he part of | fr,„„ „ur esteemed contemporary, tin* Ad-Montreal and its trade and what would
vance, the tenor of which is reinatkable
rather for its ponderosity of words tbsn What appears most strange to us is the | f„r ,|lti eoumh,e»« „f it* logic.
total igu< u ing of tin- burning quest ion to Canada, and {particularly thoCity of Montreal, of (lie const met ii >n of the Montreal,
conduce to their expansion
ft

«
The Advance starts off with the nc«
w *
We are receiving1 this week..........
knowledgement that it expected the un provoked drives it has «f late been inn* king at Mr. l’oupore would b* resented, utd then with that sublimity of know-it-



SHAWVILLE.
v
I
Ottawa & Georgian lhy Canal.
From the absolute silence of La Cham
We wish to inform the public that hav ingjuat added a 6rat «law Planing Mb-
chine to our other plant, we are prepared N8W Wllll8 3-Î1U uF6y l/OttOMS, to do Mailing, Matching and Dressing
...................»•* Slwtiags-pWn and twill'd
1‘i'v dv < oinmerco on this eminently Na- I alhsm which is so distinctively character tiomil ami Imperial project, one is forced |i«tio e»f the writer, the article assumes, to the conclusion that the people
Commercial Metropolis of Canada are
asleep;—they are certainly not alive to the was behind the pen which indited our
remarks of the date abovi givnn.
Mallies asiyare.'
‘ t'iv with iut even a shadow
>
o
New Table Linens,
It A Quantity of
•hen urocted* m make “ mince meat,” iwt j -	j	TPTaaM I	^ .
io speak, of out Federal representative in |	lUCt Sillily JO W 00 U | NGW Prints
Still Required.
vast importance to thomsvlvvs which the opening up of this heaven-given waterway
W Do They foiget that last year 181 >8- 'he most approved fashion In view of
their total exports of all kinds of grain	Pycul,er u":*,h,'d.of d,"*‘"K
did not exceed 40 million bushels, in- "'	» contemporary, it behoves The
eluding wheat the «. A I*. S. railway ear- hvV1™ Ju,t h-re l" congratulate itself
ned. (See reia.rt of Montreal H. of T.  ........ h#v"'« 80	Reaped com-
for 1898	P'cre tx'li.ctiun; because had such an
< >f w heat alone, the export from Mon- ‘v ,l*nelle "O. hemence been hurled up .n
treal in 18711 whs a million bushels more	'.he *l*l«'>didly isolated
than in 1898	1 heights of that sphere of grandiloquence
Do the people of Montreal shut their "h ch .CH',frekre occupies, our doom, eyes to the faet that in 181*8 Buffalo re- * **’ ",“lt h*v® been-chaos; or to ex ceived 260 million husln-ls of grnin I'O'*» that fate ,n the plan, everyday ver
for expert, and can they not see that the ,mcu	by ordinary mortal.
only explanation for such a condition is, must “,8Ur**ril-v Uve beti" 8,ll,ahhvd' that Buffalo has the facilities to handle Having thus escaped thus miraculou»-fchat ever-increasing trade of the West, ^ 11 ,na>’ «PPvar to some that it would both Canadian and American; and that if be * manifestation of unseasonable rash Montreal handles a small portion of it, it 11089 uu our I »rt to even venture the as is due to two causes, principally, the one *ertion that the “ reply ” to those two or being the hampered condition of its bar- I t,iroe questions wo put to ourcotem, bor accommodation, and the other the 18 *°mewhat obscured by the verbosity of cost of handling the traffic by rail and the I tho explanation. To put it more plainly,
St. IjA wren tv river from the great lakes. 1 ir took* very much as if the writer had Freight reaching Montreal during the mad© a herculean effort to exhaust his busy short season of navigation is delayed vocabulary of expletives in a vain attempt too long before it is placed on board sea- to extricate himself from a ditch of his going vessels. This is clue, as already <‘*11 creation.
mentioned, to the lack of accommodation It may also be regarded as ati net of afforded the transportation companies, additional indiscretion, if we go so far as causing such delay is to make the cost to assert that the editor of the Advance much in excess of what the same class of adopts a rather novel process of reason-freight is put abroad of sva going vessels ing in justification of the course it has in New York, via Erie ( anal : To rein - adopted with reference to Mr Poupore, edy this deplorable condition of things when ihe facts in connection with the fitst-¦Igypgjkv M. ntit i,l the Mew York of mon. <1 individuaP§ inn p.
Canada, two things are necessary
building of the Georgian Bay Canal and Mr. P upon* the improvement of the harbor facilities even an active at Montreal. The latter would assuredly canal project before
I.V t lie H.x,iicnce w lieu the former would it -vnm to be decidedly wrong for him to And if ho is snared till the time arrives 'Ku:!,,v n“ avvomjuisl.v, hat.	mxU the promette,, of that scheme an f„v am,tinr appeal to the country, and he
When the teeming militons of tons , f important feature of hi. work as a pubhc fl.eIs disposed to again seek the suffrages
ftxpd, would come pouring into Mon - man ; and fn ly penoniff, d on his part to llf ihe people of his native county, there treal harbor, the ' greyhounds of the dvc.nre that he is prepared “ to sup- lltivd b;, nu qlu,„iim ,lf the reaultf if thti
A.hinttc would compete, as to which ,.f port any Government that would	L-j,,.., • 0f thu Advauoi or any of that gen-
them would reach Montreal first to get mat the .cheme to completion, alth t.J; lemat.'s newly found political bedfellows
f,,y the wh',lt-‘ ,t,f rhuri'P°', 14 11 r7’lam3 ,tu bu "hewn that tin, ...p assay tc tiy conoluiiou. with him. would not bv necessary then for tin* (iov- would involve the sienne.* < f at \ ^ , ml-1
annum fora fast ocean service between that action be understood to u .an a full •lid Canada. The ever increasing and unreserved support of the Luirier trade of the granary of the world—the administrait in, from the fact that North West
You need a new Fence.
)
New Ginghams,
New Dress Goods,
New Lace Curtains,
New Laces and Trimmings,
Be sure and get your Bart Wire from us.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Shaw ville, Januajy 24, 18181
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
LARGE STOCK
OF
o
FOBS 4 SII INCH BARB.
For the (treater convenience oj my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, / hare erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman's— and am prepared to buy all hinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
now is A GOOD TIME TO 11UV YOL K STAPLE DRY GOODS
H0DŒINS & SONS.
B.
J. H. SHAW.
1

1
\

?
:
?
?
>

E. GRAHAM.
au U t
accent ti-
Tin* cities are v -nsidered. It was all right for
to take a part—and part—-in laying the i Pailiamviit, hut
E’.mslde.Oct. I7t 1». 1898
BUSINESS
Genuine
CHANGE.tecaj??:
The undersigned desire to inform the people of Hhawvllle and rounding country that they have bought out the Tlnamlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY. In Shawvllle and that they Intend carrying on the frame In the old stand opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and pquare dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patronage.
shou'd
eve
IsIAadre Dnd ?
Our Spring stock is or-
derud and will soon be on hand. In order to inako room f »rit wo are selling off our winter good4 cheap for cash.
sur
E
DOMES FOUND NEAR BALLOON EQUIFMENT
IN NORTH SIBERIA.
It IS
would .send such volumes no‘con ended, nor can any Liberal of the »f traffic to our Canadian sua porta as to " d MncKt nz e school bo found who will the largest and fastest sea going contend tl at the governin', nt of the day .1 i. Canada would then lie- »* being coi duc'bd on the lines of Lib-voiiiv one of the foremost nations and etalism as ho understands that term c< 1 live witlio	m 1 XV
ington on her kne«..>,	,0 .. penj
will «inly give us what they then don’t want.
Krasin va r.*ki, S.baria, Fob. 10 = A g-»d mine owner litre named Mo nasty 1-ch;n has received a letter saying that a
„h- On the cnntra.y is i. indisputable that ||'be Tungu.os inhabiting the Timur » ho dissatisfaction is widespread among «1,1, I '	Nburnt, recently Worm
Ives -lass became they regard the methods and !? 'h' R,U*81"* P^"" ch,ef.,,f ,hu dj»trlc'
iho policy ..fuur present rulers at Ottawa tha;o‘‘,, l,,uL'“y - th las', between Komn | the htock cowri.sk» a mce une of
l he '"U'," iug is the nali-nal .. pvvt of a- alt.-e-ther too closely i„ purntmee ^ T''"'t! '' "v; icu‘lf} ei.lue'.k, they COOKING. BOX AND IHKLOIlt ¦ :	it ..bout the advantages -f the line, followed by the met, who fou:.,d a cabi" «o«»»*ructed of cloth and
itc OU.ua Valley w„5ld hold the rcu.s -f power for eighteen v, a n. ,C;M	aJ'l^reuUy belonging toa balloon
the const ruction of this canal ! M.,o ver, Mr. Poupurc's d.claratt. „	b* w.tiro ll“ bl,dlee ®.f |hrea mun;
latent t\ ..urcea develop ? U-t he is prepared “ to support ,mv I 1,0 lu‘“‘	baa >" «ru,hed- Ground
,r little baudets ,-ud villa, es 0 eminent ” does not entail the tracti j thou, Were a number of instrumente, the |
Would not bee of any inter- at that ho was mint ted uf " hlch a£, «''dmlood by the Valley in- ! w-h when the pc , 1, of Pontiac gave him / u,'8,,3a#ua- fho Pol,cc ehtef ha. started
' l . ir mandate to represent them in the V th 'f* ‘ ' «¦'«" «tte a. it la belwvud l*.nii.«mon' of Canada. But ,t.„ „ o of ,btf ’ ""**'	of ,he acronau,,
Xdvanr,• opines differently : F-rl Herr Alldle’ and h'*comp*numi. humi'iBtiig mid unwarmi
radi ions tho | Sudden Death cf the French President, X
it
In the Meantime
Try our “ B ” Brand Sy-
ruii—a real luxury—at $1 00 per
î
pail
t1
We can recommend
-STOVES-
v% nivh the enti
(U
1
STOVE FVHNIStilNOS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, «fcc
Our Cvylun Tv t—makes a delightful beverage.
Would XX otüd nul es p,uni into tonus and < itivs the population of t
i
;
Get a Package
Ofct
; :
en
s )

I
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at — .'modérai e prices.
Of our “Marueai
pa i rvd
< >" Coffee—Pre-> Mr our trade.
tli
t
ti <
:x m oui Id not a new era
ion
e canal. An
to dawn upon ti
Our answer is, yes. euir«nder<»f time-hoi ond iid happen to the member for the Commons deserves it i 4 the duty of] "til, (ac:r rding to our coteni ) be taKcn
severely to task by an outraged eltc


I
GEO. W, DALE

h
ROBT. A. CUE.
hit
\
N
torn Canada dl t hi. and more wot.
Xralley ; and i
every inhabitant of the Ottawa district t contribute by word and act anything | turate ivh will induce o*i
istançc to tli
which is willing to lindtvtal to complet ion this great pro The benefits will not be oi deter only, nor will t
SiLAS YOU id Q
Starke’s Corners.
P. T.—The Highest Cash price paid for Hides and Pelts.
Shaw vi lie, N
ant
< )
! 'anFeb, 17. —M. Felix Faure, pres----. ‘nt of the Republic of France, died at
,	. vance nian ls n"1 apparent'y a 10 o'clock Iu*t night after an illness of
I'verm the ‘‘ iu quoque " argument, four hours. The cause of death was ap-taby y. ht n ir has a painfully senei- hiptexy.
¦ arp!-cation to hi* owu case. T.» be II had been known for some time that t-rl of the severance «fins own political 1m* heart was weak; but the first intima • in.' ttioiip, c.'eariy defined and of long lion that he was a*ck was given at half •.tand'ng—-to become the bench man and past six this afternoon, when a message ¦ n*<k!ii g implement of a coterie of snide wss despatched to the Premier, M. Dupuy, f P'tinciai.s, whose associations if ts su- a.im.uncing that the President was ill.
I h!* vs to say he regards wish loathing, M. Dupuy immediately repaired to the of whom individually and collect- E y«e uid together, throw] m ) b® has as great an nbhoi re nee as party considerations j th© Imp of I) it kness is reputed to have md siipjx.it any government which will "f |»<dy water, is something which grates Tim President was apparently aware of ii<. its aid and sanction to this scheme. ' r to,> intensely upon the finer tin- the «oriourneas of the attack, for he said :
JL® arc informed that a meeting of the « ot confrere’s general make up. “ J fee! myself failing. 1 am gone all
nf the Board of Trade, | $ ''C recital, nevertheless, emphasises a gone,” and be expressed a desire to see
and other mer- y^ry prominent it tie incident m our con- his wile and children. Then Madame cantllu organisation* of Montreal is to bo fr<‘rv 4 career, which stands out bold and Faure and Mademoiselle Lucie Faure
held shortly in that city, t<> which Hon. d for the contemplation of his erst terni the room the President exclaimed :,	„	„
Senator Ulcmow, Mayor Payment, Mc- I » hi'® p ditioal friends and admirers, if. “ Je suis bien soufrant. Je sus perdu/’	Ot	all	Styles	at
Rood Stewart and W7. J. Pou pore, our ,n plenitude c-f his own immaculate (1 am suffering greatly I «in list”)
±: rssss^J? - Amwajiy lot ram
suit of thin meeting will awaken n little *t,,ljeet may be, we must repeat what has Fraucois Felix Faure was of Protêt-publie apirit in Montreal and get the in- *!r”*dy been ®tatul in these column*, non descent, although personally, he was habitants of that great city to open their that it ill becomes indeed the editor of * U .iuan Catholic. He was born in Par-eyes to the fact, that the consummation Advance to score Mr. Puapore for an is January 30, 1841. Hu was a self of this undertaking will make it one of BVe?ed offunce a8*hi*t his political on made man and began life as a journey-the largest seaports in North America. viciions, when he himself has been a man tanner in Touraine bu* eventually
¦ I transgressor to a humiliating extent.	became a shipowner in Havre, where for
v L ou i j I u- nr .•	. I Th*1 Mr I>, uP°re wil1 survive this S‘>mo time he was president of the local
- ew i,ork, I hilade.phia, NX ashnigton gratuitous and uncalled for assault upon Coamber of Commerce. During the
j1' , MVV , ot V*1*.,	1cltios Iiad t0 him, we have no apprehension. It will Franco-German war he was at the head
auto wiiii a fu.l flidged snow storm not deter him from continuing on in the of a detachment of volunteers, and brought Mat we*k, and a temperature sever il de-! commendable task he ha* undertaken; supplies from Havre to Paris, in aid of grevs be.ow z*r<>. As a result traffic was neither will it have the intended affect of those burnt eut by the Commune Bis great Iy impeded, and much suffering was lessoning the opinion which hie constitu rise in politics since 1881 has been rapid experienced among the poor people owing ents hive formed of hia ability to repre- He was elected President of France on to lack of fuel and insufficient clothing. J sent them in an able and creditable manner. I Jan. 17th. 1895.
15, MW
a
^ # <
idi
wh
1
l<» glVt
the i
i

C; »ni] rally
mil carry
ÂÏÏMS FOR,THE
¦^KLONDIKE
4PrwaUsVÂ m'Usf be ’chosen with \
¦	' Ar^è*i-uUjpQMEfTr:
?

t
??
t local char confined to liages along the river, cr :v radius of fifty on either sid
: I Furniture,
Furniture Furniture,
the t
but they will ext -.yen; a hundred mile
1

th
Tabriz
tilings we aside all i

lit ion of
lUollt
«). AU medical t{forteproved futile, 1 the President died on the stroke of

I 1
i
3
%

l VII


W'
¦

x
ia X
représentât!
Ln Chambre de Commerce
.\4>
VS
»

good quality and
ilV
W ttEaw I
I Marlin Repeaters I
* J*vjSoHd Top*, shedding water like* f if. lLu,,	(Tur 1V7 page book (lust out) '
l. tells all about them. Up-to-date Infor- & i. niutiou about powders.blaek and smoke- . / > less; proper sizes, (mantilles, how to
en-
«
<

FOR CASH.
?
il
JAMES M°ARTHUR, f

i
S H A W Vjl L L E .
Ctf
££r>V»>-4
??
?
For i’i jc«-8 ou MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.









###PAGE###5###
A. B. McGuire’s	REASON’S FIRST GLIMPSE!
rdid next to nothing. They worked •I bout three months m the year only.
^ Hon. Mr. Archambault said that the Federal government had revolutionized e	the system by providing that the enquete
will arrive this
vmce, and thoir services being taken a way from the civil courts delayed oeedings. If tho Federal g«ivernment now refused to pay the $16,000 a year for three additional judges tho province would leave them to pay for the stcnog mphy in criminal matters.
The bill then passed iU final stages and was sent down to the assembly.
Spring
Tweeds
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
% early stair of - -
and
JEWELLER
m
frsry/.?*
Gents’ Felt Hats'SE
•^FOR SPRING TRADE1 riff
™ lie Famous Hat Maiifacurtr, (Ctrislie) Liudon, Eojiaid
Kf.v.vn
week.
I.Ki I HT(X t\ OK
pro.
WATCHES

l.'LOClx'1
Look out for Squalls next
week.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
m
A.
/

it 11

V
Property for 'Sale.

SHAWVILLE, Q.
Wants Them back.
The undersigned off re for mile that portion of hie property being north of main street, In the village of Bhttwvllle, containing about nri.eit acre* of good land, (more or lew*,) which Is under cult ivation and in good order. The properly will b<> Kold In whole or In part to suit pnrohawer. For terms and particulars appiv to
¦¦¦¦¦ghx'In i. n mcdowbll, ¦
_	Opposite Premises
Complete
Line of Swell,
Stjlibh,
HATS
It is time the ('anadian Commissioners •t Washington came home and paid attention to the business of their country. The session of parliament should have been called a month ago. Its absence has hurt business badly here and entails the session listing into July when it does come, to the injury of the business of three hundred members of parliament and of the country generally. The Can* ndian ministers are nuking themselves too cheap at Washington .-—Ottawa Joui i
some
own
Sons
Styliâ
Good-fltiiug; fJu-to-Date
Hlm w ville, Feh’y 7. 1899
COB SALE, CHEAP.
ALWAYS TO BE HAD FROM
Now ready For
With i
na!
2 Second-hand
Binders
Mowers,
Drills.
comparison
i n y body’s On any and
Every point of Finish,
Design,
Quality and Freshness, and Best of all—.
Price.
Repatriation Scheme.
9
2
.<
ic
Toronto, Fub. 10.—The Rev, Father Paradis, the- Freuch-Canadian priest who1 is interested in the repatriation scheme,
Bearer, anJ who has brought numerous Flench |
people from Michigan to the Nipissing 1 IOW8, I district, is in the city to urge tho govern
" Driv»™K Harness,I'.L‘c.5u1%*.7"k3.v”
, Vernon and Temisoaming, passing through the French diet riot. Father Paradis t All to be sold at half price. fhat a number <.f French people are
xious to comejfrom Michigan to Canada if
JAS. ROBINSON. pPoper imIucoment9 "e™ offered
Shawvillv, Jan. 30, Î899
8. FRAME,
•>
i I
ii
1
if
If
2
II
II
THE TAILOR
1 set
J good Mare, 12 years old
who insures the future custom of those who leave an order with him

an-
\ Triii) will convince.
Britain’s Ultimatum
Shawvillo — Que.
SULTAN OP OMAN RECEIVES ONE
LEASINU OF A 00 A LINO STATION TO
FRANCE.
To n Collected duittNo Sea- „	n. r,,,,.,,
SON OF 1890 BY	'“"'I steamer, which ha, just arrived here
n . n T	bring, news that a British ultimatum , —,
ne Hoik Raprts Imprormenli Con-	Buye,s Wl" find our New Sprint Lines
m, HEM, -	possessing more saleable qualities than
For nee of Improvements.	any shewn"
17 f,« .,d	r„ .“ Xm 0™.1,”b,£,.r“'''ln8 ¦ '“b-
thousand feet board measure 5 cents.	----?—
TARIFF OF TOLLS
OVER THE
p^BADY
—FOR—
Tils I'/iBiir Trafie.
o
nJENDLVG r-Vf{( KaHERK will find me h'mv jij i Pinl im- «< lor the **; proachlug W Inter trade with a large stock o.e
.xsrozso-^:wss=: piittcdo
depabmsntal store.	by I I Lily
i
o
Rich in Minorais
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spiuce and Herol >ek, round or liât t'd, over 17 fuel and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board
LAKK TA M AG A .MI DISTRICT HAS LARGE DE* POSITS OK NICKEL ORE SAYS FATHER
PARADIS.
(iot ifi> in flic Infest sim! most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-cia*-» Rita is respectfully Invited.
PASTURAGE
FAB®S’ ATTENTION
i
.. f>j cents
me.thure..
Red and \\ hito Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or wain y board, per thousand cubic feet..............
The Ottawa Citizen of Feb. 9th aaya : !, Anv Pvn?n wishing to sncnre pasture for
I ingèremotors of colon izulon’in 'the j iLdb?*^	j
tnct of N.pissiog, is in the city fur the SViYhl	After J5il« of April
purp »&e of preparing a map of the basin |	” e
of Like Tam agami and vicinity, which is btcoming a favorite resort for sportsmen.
The map together with a pamphlet descriptive of the country, will be sent to the exposition of fish and game, to be h* ld in New York commencing on the second of March. All the leading game curbs in the States and England will bu represented. Father Paradis has j m returned from Like Tamngami, where he went to investigate the recent di of gold and nickel.
limits of the county by means whereof the society shall apply ihe whole or part of its subsetiptions of its members or the pubic grant w liich it receives, or of both, to the payment of p u t of the cost of purchasing or working machines, stone crushers and roller©.
That respecting agricultural societies provides that article 1041 of ihe revised statues is amended by adding thereto the following clause : “ Nevertheless any Clety may enter into -arrangements with the (
As usual 1 nm prepared to txecute all orders for
Sloops, Sioighs,
or anything in connection with the B.acksmithiug business.
OCXTER
U
Notice of Mooting1.
•?
.... 7\ cents.
Hodgins’ Hall,
• • •
• • • e
Notice is hereby given to nil parties who have taken shares in tho Green Lake Cheese Factory, and also to those who intend doing so, that a meeting will he
EE1? BüF3
quested.
march fnd?Tss”e’! ARTHUR SM1LEV'
75 cents.
SIS 1WVIS.Ll. <2ye.
co operative arrange, .	. .	, S* Fisher, Minister I	1..
ot Agriculture, and that Départ mi ui f.-r I	fcllCLW V-ULO
thM Province, for the holding of a series I *	.
• f meetings therein during the present SâSli CL31(1 IjQCÏ* FaCtOI? • wn»Vr, it has been deqided to hold one I	---- J
M.Me & Mins, Prcpristors.
Government Scheme for Improving:
Roads.
on
CUVtil I vs
Be state» that the
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake, Feb. Oth, 1899.
of I l|r< -
Mm oi ParifleriiD
meetings at Slidwvil!t>, as above
feta ted, on
mines hi Sudbury, states that the district
cen;ailu millions (f tons of the ore, which I Notice \« hen by given that, the pi rt-
18 of aii excellent uuahfy	tier*:.Ip tv*rolofore < vsflns: between Joseph
Tlu. rt. Tulcpmunt ..f L mine, will ne-	, T n
cessitate the cor.stiuction in the n&ar fu- b>" niutu .1 c m-ei.t.	I ‘Iih Ujwklt of this Meetin
sxxrrï:1 p: uXtK £::: y‘-t«. <«*** „r
aois WH6 UIH nf i	to dniowr III, I	*
mineral dvp is in the district, aud is ;; shareholder in the property, which wi 1 b*. fu.ly developed, n: d promises to pan excellent jy.
' J Thursday Evening, March 2,1899,
at 7.30, p. m.
S.islws, (Poor", Mouldings, Blind*, eic onina.Nictu ed to order.
AI kind* of Matching and Planlrg done on short;**» notice.
Estimate» Furnished.
• t
u i> :
!
THE HULL EEilllilj CO.
Chapeau. Quo., Feb. M,
To promote the further
ra«4e
at creameries ami the improve ment of curing rooms at cheese factories, and
d —To give information on the disease of tuberculosis in cattle.
Pbof. Jas. Roberts n, Mr. D. McRae
ami nth. r gentleman thoroughly conversant with Iht-se subjects, will address the meeting.
Everyone interested is requested to attend.
•>
<¦.«rsrun at liiteiv .1- ..r L\ cut# i.. -	.	,
t he morning and Jiftrpn ir noon, dally, fiuntlaj ? lut?!
so
establishment of cold st<
notes In the a Tier
This Man had 3:.nl
Did you ‘ever hear tell »*f a man selling the lower part of his farm for more than he paid for the whole of it and still retain-tho upper part ( It seems funny, but it is actually going on in Essex County. A man who had a tine cot or 1 I at a < lepth <-f about a f<». .t and a half he had a two-foot strata of moulding sand, ffc took up the first row of peach trees, removed tho upjwr soil and sold off the sand, and then replaced the upper earth and replanted peach trees. When the whole operation is completed lie will have his peach orchard in precisely the same spot as it was before. —London News.
out
unty by means whereof the society shall be comprised to aa to apply the whole or part of the subscriptions of its members or public grant which it rèceivtw, or both, to the payment of a part of the cost of acquiring or working machines, stone ciushets and rollers, to improve and maintain by roads or local or country roads.*’ Article 1043 of ihe revised statues, as amended by the act, 01 Vic. Chap.
10 s xtiori 1, is further amended by adding thereto the following c ause: •
The Commissioners may also exempt any society ftom holding such exhibitions or c mpetitions which has entered into an arrangement with the c -unty municipality within which it is comprised for ;	•	-, T.
the purpose of applying the whola or pari	, }f 1111 *	*)r* *^»'dersnn thought
roada or local or county roads.”	| ^ÔOyTârl old	Dr' Vendor,on
Close
mnev.l
'Jiiiu. Pa and a fluII aut) v iî h	.<• C.H
Btggage p»ompu.»
IN
1-
Stepped on Els Too
i X
i j
mg
A PECULIAR CAUSE OF THE DEATH OF A NEW YuBK PHYSICIAN,
iHilltd.
VV. IL TA Y LOR,
h orchard dis-

iSec.-Trva».
New Yoik F» b/ 8,-^Dr. Aîvin C. II demon, of No 80 Morton street. Bn., k •yn, one of the best known physicians in the borough, died in the Long him] C dlego Hospital, yesterday as a remit of
an operation.'
hile Dr. Henderson was riding on a trolley car List October a w uman stepped on his right foot, on which there
on*
: $
Pile Paie Juttiu By.
% as an
Official Time Table :
Dr. De Gros bois’ bill to inert ase the ; p Leav(J jurindiCion of Commissioner # C uit, has 16*0<
«’gain met its death at tho hands c*f the Louis'a tore.
The medical lxiard of St. Luke's hospital has appointed Dr. Edgar W. Hayden, of Cobourg, Ont., assistant house surgeon of the institution. Dr. Hayden is *25 years old and is a bachelor of arts ofi McGill university.
AM.
Aylmer t Breckinridge rKnnlley Parker’* (.’lousing
V	Mohrs Quyon
Wyman's ? Tank Bristol McKe. 'h Sbawvllls Clark1*
Campbell’# Bay tTànk
V	Vinton Coulonge
•Mellons Waltham
•Flag Station. fTank. t Flag Station.
Arrive 9.45
• •
9 21
9.12
s *
9.1)6
8. f.K
i
h
6.28
New Yoik, Chicago, Albany and Digby, N. S., had destructive lire# last week, destroying hundreds of thousands of dol-
¦The New Brunswick elections on Sot- Ur* wort° 1 f property* Digly
urday resulted in the return of the Em- most disastrously, the heart of the ciiy merson government by a large majority, being reduced to ashes.
I	WÊÊ	Montreal. Feb. 15.-Star cable from Do Hoos Pay -This is the way the
Quebec, Feb. 17 —Perhaps the most I London: “ Current talk in Auglu-Canad- Centralis (Knusa#) Journal editor answers important legislation of the session of the isu circles discloses a general idea that R question piopounded by a stock raiser : Pruvikcial Legislature was passed in the Sir William Van Horne is about to carry —A rural subscriber ask»:	‘Do hogs
Legislative Council last night. It was a out his long-contemplated retirement from W ?	" e know that a good many don’t,
bill presented by Attorney-General Arch the presidency of the Canadian Pacific They take the paper several years a J ambault respecting the constitution of the Hailway company, and that M. T. G. have the postmaster send it back 1 refus-Superior Court and provides for three ad Shaugbneeey, who is about to pay Lon-	Such a breed is usually two legged
ditional judges for Montreal. Mr. Chap-1 don a abort visit, will be his successor. and unprofitable.
6 2'»
• i
«•
8 50
•I
6.87 15.47 6.56 8 59
r 04
7. S6 7 45 M.UO
8 40
«•
• <
8 22
< «
««
8.14
Dispute as to Judges.

•*
6.08
• «
• <

8 02
7 52

IT HA8 ARISEN IN CONNECTION WITH 8TBN OGRAPHY FOR QUEBEC’S COURT.
«I
7.31
*
SI
M
<
*
8 v3
• «
S|
10
8.12
• S
• •
7.00
Hamilton, Feb. 8.
While in an intoxicated condition this afternoon, a young man, Benjamin Barrett, of 44 Steven street, became involved in a dispute with his mother and losing control of hie tern per, seized an axe and felled the woman
to the ground. Mrs, Parrett [died tne following day.
8.30
• •
ss
6.54
6.47
S«
SI
639
6.55 Arrive
Leave 6.:t0
f
111
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer,
#
4
9
P. w, RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT








###PAGE###6###

ise«» and the chief priest¦. The Sanhe drill, probably fuimally ; certainly It» members. Sent officer® to tako hiss» I his is the first foundl attempt upon Lord's life. It was unsuccessful he a use of the impression uiade upon die officers by our Lord s teachings. The story is told in verse 10
83. I lu ll aiid Jesus unto them Revised Version omits "unto them." Our Lord was simply continuing his match less dl*« * m se
who had IsVII sent to arrest him were doubtless waiting to hear the blasphemy of which they believed he was constantly guilty. And it was they who on their return reported, "Never inan spake like this mm." Yet a little while am I with y« u. It was now only ah,ml six months before his death. All hough the words were addressed to dv»se who gathered around him, Dr. Vhurlon understands them as containing also a direct appeal to those who sought to take him. "Why are ye in mi* h haste to put me to death? My time on earth *s short ; I must soon go* withdraw', unto him that suit me." A* Do Write says, the Jews knew not Him that sent him.
34. \ e shall seek me, and shall not find me. When dangers come upon city and nation you will seek in vain for .such a deliverer as in your pride and unbelief you now, reject.
I am, i hii her ye cannot come doits not mean chiefly, if it means at all, "Where l shall he when ye seek me ye cannot reach to." It means rather the mental until moral condition, thi altitude toward God and men, the spirit of the Gospel, the atmosphere which always sur rounded tha Son of God. Into that atmosphere by faith we are» admitted, and! we. too, breathe the air of heaven in proportion as we art* true disci pi et and companions of Jesus. Some in that crowd had already come into thaS blessed atmosphere, but the men who were : eking to destroy him, the men who were planning for his arrest and destruction, were by their own character and purpose debarred from that state of unchanging fellowship with .1 hu Father which the Son1 and his brethren eh-It is a distance in character, not in geography or time,
Let the thunder tWI at this funeral of a stranger. It 1h an aged Christ, of a God, amt tha organ of the winds If I should tell you that he was a WtV,> (his requ ein: "He was despised thousand million years old, It would and rented of men; wounded for our give you no id vs of his antiquity. He transgressions. Ur hold where they eûmes down through the period® when hive laid him I" Ah, methmka the there were no worlds, before light hud golden curia have gone from his struck Its first spark, or the first cheek and the auburn his faded from hinge tic wing was spread for flight. He his brow iml "h-s hair is white as saw the first star beam on the dark-wool, as white as the snow." Sorrow ness, the first wave swing to its place, ninl anguish have turned it.	land he heard the first rock jar down
Mv text aeta forth the beauty of to its place in the mountain socket.
Christ. Whimsical fashion changes its 'ilis hair is white as the wool, while mind very often as to which is the best „s (he snow"—an aged Christ Oh 1 coiour for the hair. The Homans that gives me so much confidence, sprinkled theirs with silver and gold. U is the same Jesus that heard Our ancestors powdered theirs white. David's prayer, the same Jes-Human custom, decides this and do- us on whose breast John leaned, cities that; but l5od declares that he it Is the aim» one who stood in the liKes frost-color liest when he says, Mamaritine dungeon with Caul, who •'The hoary head is a crown of glory, | watche t the a dies of Wickliffe when
i, ,, i„. found in the way of righteous-	they were thrown into	the river, and
ness. Indeed, is (h re any thing Utood by Hugh Ldimer in the fire.	I feast of	the tabernacle®	serve as a
in >re Ivautiful? This is the way ton! ; com s duw n bearing the pains and [thanksgiving festival / for harvest his of saying to a man, at the end of (he agonies of Christendom. After six
on upright life; "You hive twn bon thousand years of sin pardoning, bur-	.
orab.e." Ala a I for those who do not den-bearing, and wound-healing, he rums wanderings m tiiKC the adornment, and who sweat by knows how to do it. ^ on can not bring [Jesus hid this year come to this feast all the dies of the «pothecary. that him a new case, lie has ten thousand
2% tit r.tiLfu :,rr.sr' ................................	- ~—
biNiiitiful in the Vhurvh, it is beauti- There are times when	we want chief-	that he	was there, the crowds	in «he
ful in ilie home, it is Ivautiful at the	|v (he young find the	gay about ua;	temple courts discussed	his	merits,
"«S;,11,,:: StiiiS :.! trsi sïJ'AS -"vr*«.-»¦-
parishioners to open, 1 stand at	the Lid Wtlutn. More than once, in the	*>me declaring him a good man	and
front steps, and, looking through	the| black mght of sorrow, have I hailed	some a	deceiver ; but covering all the
window, see grandfather with a child the gray dawn of an old man's hair,	excited	disputation was an abject	fear
with liis journey, but be has an	*11 "room. and her eye be too dim to count I known	to be hostile «° him
lcrest in thost» who	are starting. I It*'	(he drops, but surely you have felt	went up	into the temple,
racket is almost too	much for ( he old I (hat there is no hand so competent I brew» visiting Jerusalem
‘-	r «¦u- •• 11 — —
hind the chair and runs her hand	w;int courage for life, I love to think	the only	place in Jerusalem	to	go	to
through his locks.	As grandfather	Qf christ as young and ardent; but	and did	duty at once as	a	shrine,	a
si oops down to kiss the children good- when , feel the need of sympathy and L„||	„n(1 u .,hlza or public park,
night, it is sunset embracing sunrise, condolence, i bring before me t lie pic- *	-	<lli .
it is the spring crocuses around about | tlirt, ,,f an old Jesus, his hairs as white |	0 <lay was probably a ui > >.ith.
the edge of the snow-bank; it is the white locks, beautiful in the domestic circle.
Grandfather is in church
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL
COLUIJB OF CHRIST'S HAIR.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, FEB. 26
1)111
1EV. DR TALMAGE SPEAKS OF THE
LIVING JESUS.
• 1-hrHl ai the Pea»#"* John 7. 14, H# .17. «¦olilrn Tnl. John 7. *7.
PRACTICAL NOTK3.
i
rim
Ml* Herrow, ttraniy ami Aattqetly — Fiiongh Harrow I* Whiten 111* llalr H,erne at the t ruflflxlM tira.? Hair I* m t’rewn of «Story—Hr. Ta I mage I'olut* Out the Way Throegh t hrl»L
Hut when it
Verse 14. Now about was Uuw." The midst of t he feast. The feast of tabernacles. All branches of the Semitic racts like most branches of the European rue in, have hail from time immemorial their annual harvest festival. Moses by inspiration established this as he did other antique tribal customs, and made the Hebrew
The officers
A despatch from Washington says;— Or. Ta Image preached from the fol Low-
11 is head and his hairs white like wool, as •—Revelation i. 14.
lug text:— were
white as
Tradition and an ancient document tell us that the hair of Christ, when he was upon earth, was chestnut eol-to the ears, and then flowed down
blessings ami as a memorial of the na-
oui
My
the neck that his hairs were white
In golden curls upon
the wilderness
text says
tint lx of course, a figurative rep re
As Jesus died at thirty
in secret because of prejudices and
¦nutation
tin o ' years of age, we are apt to think of him as a young man; but he is liv-
That makes him more than
Not guessing
lug now
an octogenarian, more than a centen-
eighteen hundred and
But the
Where
This
arian—aye,
¦event y-t wo years of age Bible tells us that he was present at
the creation of the world; that makes him six thousand years old.
Jesus says of himself, "1 was set up from everlasting, from the» beginning, or ever the world was; so that it makes him as old as eternity.
You wear a suit of clothes for a little
Jesus As all He-
Aye
were sure
while, then put it off not to put it on agaiu; and so the Lord Jesus put on the raiment of our humanity for a little while, and then dufied it for ever. He is an aged Christ; his hairs are white like wool, white like snow.
If God will help me this morning, l will toll you of the sorrow, the beauty, and the antiquity of Jesus.
There is nothing that} so soon changes the colour of the hair as trouble. You see some man to-day with his hair jet-black; if you! see him five years from now, his hair will be while. Meantime, his property is gone, or he has been bereft of his family, and that sorrow accounts for it. Mane Antoinette came to Paris greeted by a shout, the mightiest French men her escort. The populace actually tried to unharness the horses from her c ir-
Taught. It was the custom for rabbis
as t tie wool, as white as the snow
Is there not a balm in this for tjl,“ to sit in the temple courts and exaged f Mythology tells us of one who
got aged, and they tried to make him .....	,	... P*
young again. And so they took herbs their disciple®. Jesus took hi® place
1 fragments of owls and wolves, and thare with the other rabbis—perhaps.
put them in a caldron and stirred them as some scholars have guessed, for the
the man,	*
instantly his hair was blackened, his	35 Then said the Jews among them
eyes brightened, his forehead smooth- I verse 15 to 'll are omitted from out pelves. "Whether this was tin
e l, and his foot bounded like the roe. I lesson. They give in condensed form utterance of ganume perplexity
But the Gospel* ill lima tes that if a man wh;|l jesUM taught, and the utter as- or ui fcOorn it is hard to say."
srirsifs. tiar&vs •*— ->*• *—<*.	«» sana
fore he 04U110 to Jesus, he sha 11 he made I lulain of the hier an h> at this know t roj extended far beyond the bounds voung again. I pluck some of these	Hnd breadth of thought, be be- of Palestine. Over the remotest na-
JL. «S,. 1™. ™ H! L*. ic 2t ffiTà’ïfc K hr*
he sits at the end d£ the pew. Dont aud j bake out life and health for the Jesus at on e credited bis wisdom u ^is sway. No Jew, even leaving his crowd him. he will soon pass over the 1^1 ()ne drop 8hall make everlnst- the divine Being—"Him that sent me" own country, would well fellowship rivet and sea I lie King in his beauty. jng youth flash through your veins. att(| jn his explanation took occasion with Gentiles ; and Jesus could ' not White locks beautiful in t lie Loi.I s | jesua uf t he white locks is symiKii he-	„ ....	nlimlt * win mP r* well fellowship with Jews even in the
temple.	tic with all those who have w hite locks. • - *•	• ** *	remotest corner of the world, if he
1 wo ilea rts have been affninred. j^ y(lll weary of life# here is an I lie people denied that the) h.u an> fled thereto, without being reported
Against t lie marriage altar 1 llM 6 arm to lean upon. If your eye gels 8UVh evil intent, and it is probable to the high priest, if that dignitary
dashes a wave of orange blossoms. (1;m wp| pi, k. out the way for you. that those w ho answered did not know sought h m Will he go unto the did-
SfiL«r.a..* zpialyicr&WL.wsk —<"•¦> - * -»* •*
.¦¦¦me, of course, and give the i jn him gome ,,f us, in our own fam- the discussion "some of them of Jeru- the Grevks, and teach the Greeks.’ first congratulations; but let them i|jeH| have had instances where Christ salem,” he said ; "Is not this Those .lews who were horn and lived not tarry too long, for gramlfat her is kas been very kind and loving to I u whom thev seek to kill ? How in foreign countries, descendants of the
.  	b.sa
one eye entirely pul out, the glory of he says, as he takes then hands, ben threul in h-lhe type of her chaîne-	,	. iH the Messiah ? But were scattered among the heathen
SHffiâpbaïf I! ÎSsfeaî-s « iEsESS
the altar was beautiful, but know dnor an,| was turned away. No wot- ^	Cfi^ jeNUSi "Jesus there- I» the height of folly, and to make
te, sï5£™£	.n r:
to.1; S;: ¦»	:,tVrt;.ï“T»“a™^rt~.Tfcrïïc
ÜsSiUI FHiifES Eb Éâpfl ! EMlSiSI
by the sea, and Roman palaces,	‘	g-ThH I ord h is t ikm the	only	mure desire before	charaeter and mission. I am not come	which seems to have been observed
mStt KtPHRl Bill iiüi
sole of leather fastened with thongs ; grandfather at the burial.	afar to see only the house from vn hit h Kxi»tenîi^ Whom ye know not. That Pouring of water from Silo «in on the
his head bared under the hot Judeau ob ! are >’uU not ready to admit that the soul h oi departed. Her folded	were provoked to hostility by great altar. I he Jews would recall,
sun, seated on the well-curb thirsty; ^y text means the beauty of t hrist, | hands appeared just am when they were /	teachings proved that they they witnessed this rite, the mi rains coal gambled for by the roughs who when it says, "IDs hairs were white employed jn kindnesses for her ctm-	t “know God."	culous gift of the water in the desert,
wanted it; the police after him for hike ,h(‘ WCH>1* white like the snow? dren. Standing there, we stud: 1 on t	, klV,w jjim. “The Word was also tin words of the prophet, "I he reblasphemy ; the filthy villains hawking Havp y°u not seen him? Hi rough die look beautiful r It was a cloud- — ^	w<,rd was God." foer with joy shall ye draw water out of
ing up the phlegm from their throats tbe dark night of your sin has he jess sky when we carried her out to	knoweth the Father, as be-	wells of salvation.'’ Jesus, who
and slotting it on his clean cheek ; pur- 1,01 flashed ut>on your vision ? Beauti- ,he last resting-place, The withered	£ <me nature w|th the Father, had befoiy this spoken his wonderful
sued as though h* were a tiger; his	ful when he comes to pardon,	beauti-	leaves crumbled under the wheel and	wh() among. men	knoweth the	vvor<1*s concerning the well of living
dying drink vinegar sucked out of a	ful when he comes to comfort,	beauti-	; hlM)f as we passed, and the setting sun, .	^	a man Bave	the spirit of	water to the woman at Samaria, c
sponge. Every thing seemed leaving	when	he comes to save. A lit t le	shining	upon the river,	made it on the man which i® in him ?	even so	the	declares that in him this rite, not again
him, even the light of* day running child was crying very much during iike f|re. But more calm and peaceful	t,f G(h1 none knoweth save the to ^ iwrformed for a year
away,and leaving him in the hands of	lb* time of	an eclipse. It got	so	was tlie setting sun of this aged pi -	. q(Mj »•	[ am from him.	"Of	J® uu , abiding reality."	_
Night—the black nurse that bent over	dark at noon	she was afraid, and	she	grim\s life. No more tears, no more	proceeding	from him."	Fountain of living water. "It is unoer-
him ; forsaken by every thing but	kept sobbing	and could not be	su-	sivkness, no more death I Dear m«*tn-	Then they	sought to take	him.	*aln whether the limitions were made
fiends, executioners, and the darkness	*nced until,	after a while the	sun	er> »)P:,utiful mother 1 Do you wonder	•	£ tke rulers sought to	take	<>n Jbo eighth day. If they were not
-oh! methmks that was the night in came out again, and she dapped her L|n, I think gray hairs are beautiful ( ' " „	{ attempt to arrest Jesus 1	writee I)r* Westcott, "the sig-
whioh his hair turned white.	hands and said, Oh. the sun! the	, May her Saviour be the guide, the com-	nim.	^ result of his having mf,<:a.nt cessation of the striking rite
We would have thought that some of sun 1 ' Some of us have been m the	f,,i ter, and the joy of all the 'lKv<	•	. ‘ *	n, iroin God. Doubtless t |lt» i 0,1 lbls on(,‘day of the feast would give
the Roman soldiers would have had darkness of our sin ; ellipse after To the Jesus of the auburn locks, a	ilflke,| )>y tho common people a stl^ more fitting occasion for the
humanity and magnanimity enough to eclipse has passed over opr soul . but the Jews saw him. to the Jesus of ne l	.»:> ^6 hid greatly aggravated words." Jesus stood and cried. He
step out from the ranks and say, after a while the Son of Lighteousr	white hair, as John described him,	,	x-u »ian |ap| hands, on him, be- Hl,okc w'ith a loud voice, that all in
"Stop this butcher !" that Scorn would ness poured his beams upon out hearts,	commend the young and the old.	.	‘ u:s hour was not come. Their I 1 be temple courts might hear. If any
have uncurled its lip and said,	and we cried, "1 he sun. the	sun .	you are in trouble, go to him for corn-	mirnose was held in check by t he ! m,m Ibirst, let him come unto me,
"EnoughlM that Revenge would have	Beautiful down in the straw	of the	fort, fl you are guilty, go to him or	w:it nnd power.	What means	an<l Jcink <These words would also
cried out, "I am satisfied 1" that Pain Bethlehem khan. Beautiful in his pardon, lake bis yoke, it »« easy his	^ told—it was do»- recall to the studious worshiper th®
would have said, "1 have done my mother's shawl, a fugitive to I gypt !	burden,	it is light.	au.. tt continuance of the	fear of	the	word* of the prophet Isaiah, "Ho,
worst I" that the swords would have Beautiful with lus feet in the Gall-	__nmole	every one that thirsteth, come ye to
snipped off at the hilt, and the lances lean surf I Beautiful with the child-	Many of the people believed on the waters, and he that hath no money;
strJMsvs'.-ti;' K s? KTvrL&p'mAz; riohtlt viewed.	«ùftssurimt «s * as a‘ac4Æjr^ a
single glol>ule remained in the arteries Fairer than t he sons of men , day- 1 his is, after all, the reasonable— as .	. t h., n these which this man without price." It is a repetition of
or the veins of Christ, the anguish spring from on high ; light for those it is the modest—way to view it:	.	. done t 1 hey knew of other mir- wh?|t Jesus had said to the jx>or wo-
must go on. and the wine-press keep who sit in darkness ; rose of .baron; Aren't you afraid that your daugh- . besides those which John has re- man al 1 he well,. 'Whosoever drinkcrushing the purple cluster until the lily of	valley—altogether lovely. iPr will come home from college know- , md their ouest ion is an indica- etlj 1,f f ,ie water that I shall give him
last drop was out	As the sheep from the washing go up ing more thin you do 1	tion of their wide-eyed wonder Uter 8haM	thirst, but the water that
Oh, freezing horror 1 the guillotine the bunk, their fleere makes you \N ell—we shall consider our money	oeoole are as vet rather at- 1 Khall give him shall be in him a
“k.g™5 iutiri.nii.r.mf sa •—	" mr~x	"•"« %- —— -——
........-
ed, the last Roman regiment ha.* think of him whose hair is white marched down the hill, the victim is like the snow."
taken from the tree, his dead weight Again, my t ext presents i he antidown on the hands of those who carry quity of Jesus. It is no new Christ him, his hand falling where it will that has come. It is no new ex per i-his head falling back or sidewise, as menter coming to the crucible. The they allow it-	telegraph don't announce the arrival
plain the holy Hebrew doctrine* to
His comrades are gone. His sons and daughters though grown to bv men and women will never Imj any thing boys and girls to him around the audience and so many strange faces wonders why people don't talk as loud as they used to. As some old hymn comes through his soul, his memory Firings bat k the revival scenes of half-vent ui y. lie wonders where all the old people are. llis second sight has come, and lie rarely uses sjhm*-
an
but
j«»y
looks sees mil lie
He
i
that tht y themselves might
Beautiful iu parson, beauti-
nage, draw it
ful in heart, t ho whole French nation
worshiped her. A little time passed mother, ct
on, and 1 behold her on a hurdle, or sled, drawn toward the place of ex-
iler face extinguished. Oh, the c hange!
Uistoiy says of this woman that, imprisoned, her husband executed, her umbrae a, the knife of the guillotine sharpening fur her neck—in. one night her hair turned white.
Well, surely, Jesus my Lord had enough sorrow’ to whiten his hair. He
h id dwell in the palaces of eternity — the archangel one of his body guard, the unfalleu ones of heaven glad draw his chariot
to
Met Links, whvu he
cun-
greater solemnity, and a larger concourse than
Several beautiful

I
i
now
passes in-He is the
A GENTLE HINT
82. The Pharisees heard that the pe«>-
ple murmured such things concerning He—Can you tie a true lover's knot, him. The Revised Version makes them Miss Willing.
overhear the murmuring*. His teach- ] She—No; but I can give you the ad-ing endangers their authority, and dress of a clergyman who, I am sure, they dare not allow this popularity to j would be only too glad to oblige grow further. To t h- m h >e»nied a '¦¦¦¦ heretic and a- revolutionist, and as i he- 1 Natives of Ceylon believe the e.ocoa-olvgima and politicians they were nut tree wil/not grow out of the sound bound to bring his dow nfall The 1‘har- • of the human voice.
i
A NEIGHBORLY CALL
Neighborly Caller—How many children have you, Mrs. Newcomer?:
Mrs. Newcomer just moved in—Two. Neighborly Caller—Only two? Dear I thought £ heard about a dozen.
you
tue!
U
###PAGE###7###
CHILDREN OF OLD MEN.
HARNESSING THE NILE.
fI he English engineers who have been *t work on the problem of transmitting electric power from the cataracte of the Nile, continue to picture the suliM obtainable in glowing colors. I'rof. George Forbes nays the city of
( aim cun be lighted cheaper by power generated at the First Cataract, :. _r 4C0 miles away, than by nn^ans of steam-engines located in the city itself. Jly a system of Irrigation, combined with electric power from the cataracts avers the Dongolu province, up to the Fourth Cataract, may be made the most fertile country in the world.
The average tea is like a lottery, one seldom gets a prize. Don't trust luck when buying tea use the best,
I
tarent? Wear» We llnr la Hie Ac<iuleHI«m of tut* reeling Famille».
Cases of children being born to men verging on the three-score years and ten, which nre declared by the Psalmist to constitute the spun of human life, arc by no means so rare us might be Imagined.
The present Earl of Leicester, one of
the only peers of the realm who wit- , .
iteased Queen Victoria's coronation was | f
seventy-one years of age at the time of
the birth of his youngest daughter,
wh<>se eldest slater, aged forty-nine, is
already a grandmother
French Field Marshal Pelissier, Duke of Malakvff, was sixty-eight when he married, and his only daughter, recently divorced from the Polish Count Zn-nv'iskn, was born a year later, ilis fellow Field Ma rah.t Is, Canrobert and Bazaine, likewise married when they were in the neighborhood of seventy, end each left several children The father of Queen Isabella of Spain aid King Ferdinand, was sixty-eight at the time of her birth, and sixty-nine when lier sister, the late Duchess de
Montpensier, made her
world
many more such instances, among the most notable being, perhapa, those of | & Cat°i King David and last, but not least, Father Abraham
Woman is the Nervous Part Of Humanity
LUDELl

*

re-


M. SO, 40,60 sad SOo
over
F«nboy’s Improved Larriagc Tops...
he
1
Man the muscular—the pecul iar needs of the gentler sex ^ are best supplied by the pure # blood, good appetite, better

PHOSPHATES AS A SOURCE OF
FBHTILITY.
,.	.	, ^ I ,A8 881 forth in the analysis under
digestion, greater strength, which it is sold, Thomas-Phosphate in
whkhvome fr.m Uktog Itorf. -1
Sarsaparilla. H It made me a J| «nee as a manure for wheat must be
••• »?«•».¦ -ii« «-y $i srïSi «zfàszrisx r
warm friends who have real- #| “sts of over 7(J per cent, of phosphates.
ized its benefits. It is unques- \ |	jlru'uut*of'the^uur"
of the constituents of a crop of wheat.
No wonder when judiciously applied tint wheat and other cereal cro|>s, all of which are largely dependent on phosphates, derive immense benefits by its use as a manurisl agent. llut beyond this, there are other good
ini; to #474,029.08	or If made up on	***** why	cereals, as	well	as clovers,
the same basis as	that generally used,	| *!?*•.	luxuriate	when it is
viz., by adding; the difference be-I P	1 ho difficulty of accounting
tween the cost and market value of ,	0 cro1>® I hive seen and heard
,r.	, debt*.I urea, etc., endued by the com- I 1 , " merely its phosphate of lime was
inn annual meeting of this company puny such surplus would be #522,- uken lnt<> account, induoed me to de-was held in I he company’s building 664.83. He referred to the great dif-1 ^oteconsiderable time and attention hm v on l hursday, February 2nd, 1899, ffculty which has been experienced of l.n	of obtaining a better un-
j**} A11** Jubn L. Uluikie was appoint- late years in securing sa 11 afar t o ry in- ?erelan< in® of itH ** a t u re and trying in chairman, and Mr. William McCabe I vestments, and pointed out the great tu Fuage, through a knowledge of the
a	decline in the rate of interest which	I	by which it is evoked, the	why
Hie directors'report presented	at the	gilt-edge swuritics yielded. In view	and	tbo wherefore of the aid it furnish-
mt eting, showed continued and mark-I of this be stated that the settlement 68 to ve?etabIe production, and the •d	proofs	of	the	great	progress and	of the company's	investment policies	rea*,n	01	fertility	that	follows	its
solid	prosperity	of	the	Company in ev-	should bo highly	satisfactory to the	“!?.**	a p,ant foo(i-
bi > branch of its business.	I holders thereof, as they coinfiare fav- I ,,	resea:ches have shown me, in
% M= I Er--'—«? - iæSHSKH
A special vote ctf thanks was unani- la,Fe*y composed of phosphate of mously tendered to the Comiwny's 'Kn^sl<i, which as far as wheat is con- Provincial managers, inspectors, and	m smaHer degree all other
*	785.iaU.8l	agency staff, for thoir splendid work	^^n,H	d*^el1' !8 of.,ar Kjeater
of the past year, during which the	/.han Phosphate of lime,	the
bly may result from this knowledge of ln«a, Toronto, doo« jj enrSnsi. Metal	Cor-
thB real nature of Thomas-Phoaphate.
—Newport and Market Drayton Ad- .OUTHilAsOrfS, AdeUfue SWidmer IXm.,Toronto vertiser.	----------------—----------------
The famous
¦¦OilVIS TNI NIÛHS1T AVAIS AT THE WSNLD'S FAIN 1SSS.
t #nb#y‘e Patent So Her Tap# Save met wltS
Firh unlrer-al favor thatot her mtaaefaotur-era arv now roak ag iaferlor IrniiUtlern aad Helling then-on the n pa Ation the Cod kef Tape have made. Do net be hoed winked by A if pars n who recommanda am Inferior make to lie just am good.
Is-».et on having tbef^aulae Oom bey make am iinUmtlonm are never am geod as the qeaa-
4
1
4
z

V
I
lue
tionably the best medicine money can buy.
appearance in Aneient history furnishes
i
ih
4
$35,000
$35,000
o
o
$15,000 o $35.000
o
o
ll $25,000.
00
r*«i-
TfHE best advertisement lor any
mflioin** la one coming from a person who
h t* tukfch the remedy ami has been BKNfc-
riTHD.
an introduction we wish to distribute throughout Canada 200,uOfl package* Of Dr Groen’r He nth i'.pecifte. To ae-ooiu|i1ih1i this we bave decide.I to appropriate ‘46,000 dollars to be distributed amongst our patron#
y\S to the efficiency of the Sj>< cific we could write pages laudatory of its
e	curative qualities. When we w <re doué yo t would know no more of It than yjudo now. so we
X simply say If you are troubled with Constipai ,n I ndlgorf iou, Liver or Kidney trouble, ,,r any »t|-0 ment eri-iug from adleordered stomach, ai d w.II taae or,e package of l*r Green „ II titb Spécifie, and And you are not delighted with »he reeuH* lute the fast" to t is Company and we wil . fully refund your money Used is a laxative t h*i no p« r, and when on^e used will never be discard'd for any olbFr remedy Send your orciri direct to this Company, ej.rb.Miuf fcO eeats (ne w It nt|i*), and we will mall you one package of the Specific To the w itei .,f the Sr»t letter n oe'ved eacloeirrg fifty cents for oue package of the r' oe 'y w. will mr.lt ie-i ilolhvs In cseh, aud le the sender of «ver» 230th letter, thereafter enclosing fifty w ilts, until 2UU.WI enter letter# sis /*-O celveil, we will remit en amount langu.g fr. m $3.00 to $5,000 04, the „f our present# It t#sa way aggregatine FAOOO.OO. Write quick m»*! tnrl«»*e ihl# advertisement Address
The Sanford Ear Drum Co.,
OF TORONTO, LIMITED,
Room E, Confederation Life Building, Toronto.

ll>-
NORTH AMERICAN LIFE.
*
i
CASH GIVEN AWAY
FREE.
o
o
u

he. r-
!
o
SUMMARY OF
STATEMENT
SHEET FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER, 31ST, 1198.
o
w
o
o
CA
!
V)
Cash Income ...
Expenditure, death
monte, matured investment, policies, profits, and all other payments to policy-holders. .
Assets...................
Reserve Fund.............
Net Surplus fur Policyholders .................
Audited and found correct Jas. Carlyle, M.D Auditor
ira-

$35,000
$35,000
o
o
o
$35,00#
o
$35,000
o
including claims, endow-
IC you b « my APPLES, BUTTER, ECCS <fc POULTfii to «bip. mb Ip Iht-m to
The Dawseq Commission Co., United,
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
neces
W. McCabe.
Managing Director.
Some of the leading features of the year s business as mentioned by the president, were the following
!• Looking at the company from every standpoint, the report submitted shows financial strength, productive assets, solid growth, and large relative surplus, which is the supreme point to policy-holders, as it is from this source alone that satisfactory turns MB be made to (linn.
2. The new business for the year ex-| ere, prepaid, a free sample of a never-ceeded that of anv
Sir Frank Smith, vice-presidents
BREAK* AST—SUFPEH.
A Bible which had once been the property of Cardinal Mazarin, was recently sold at auction in London for £2,950. The same book had previously been sold at £3,900. Some slight defects had depreciated its value.
Metallic Telephone
FREE
Wi girt, tkss In# WAl'CH
with tuai: and charm, for selling two d n. Whileligr Wichr ai ten cent» %acb. *vo M*nw JUgwred. WYite, and wt *;3 %«nd the Wi'.ki, poitpa 14. vid out big Premium Lts?. When ycu have aeld the Wicke/ relui n the c.envy, and w# wi'l at oner send your waU* free #t all charge Hand rede have earned ar.e w miche# working fer its, why net »»if In writing, wutUian this
RICHES CONCEALED IN RAGS.
Two Paris policemen the other day arrested a ragged vagabond who too imbecile to answer any questions. When his clothing was searched his pockets were found to contain #2,000 in banknotes and #170,000 in bonds.
f PC 959
Tablet 5#
$1.50.
Th# OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC.CO.
LIMITES,
Torente end New
Jol
Price,
>
was
A Generous Offer.
kef. Ont.
We are authorized to offer our read- i
OTAMMERERS.
—^ Oili laieU«ll»o k Cm4#4» 10/ ki Mr* H
¦ W °1 irtoo# r-lsbllâM
oflraiiiSff'aitto voci WKr’Jrr.
/
previous year. failing cure for catarrh, bronchitis, ir-
3.	Another mirked feature of this ritable throat, influenza, and such company is the relatively large am- throat and nasal diseases. There is no omit of its net surplus to liabilities, mystery about Catarrhozone, though
when contrasted with that of its lead- its effect is magical. Ointments and > ment Tooth Fowdere. «to. hare been Jng competitors. The president showed washes cannot reach the diseased parts, awarded 100 medals and diplomas'for eu pert or | that this ratio was one of the best and have thus proved useless. But biobHbbbb. Their regular use prevent lnfeoti-
guitar' iÿrrsifïs. ulst;
4.	The following m irked increases I breeze from the pine woods. Write for	Ce CALvcnl « w#«,
¦¦¦¦¦¦I	free sample to.	HAMNOTnML . . England.
N. C. Poison & Co., Kingston, Ont.
i
CALVERT’S
a.
M/*r

Carbolic Dlelnfeotanto, Soaps, Olnt
WHITELICHT WISH OS.,
TORONTO. GAN.
f Pembroke St., Teroeite. tana#*
HARRIS
LEAD
BUYS
COPPER BRASS
William Bt., Toronto
ACureGuaranteed
SCRAP
were made during the year
Per Cent. . 11.56
Send *2.50 for 6 Boxe* BCUM BUILDER#, the now otly rerrgMzed #y»tem Deg via hr art# BieeB Tenie. snd we ivfll »arii you a f nariaho tv refund tbs n oney far any ca*e of deoeral i'ability t ci red after (akin/ the medieiae.
1 nouhand* of sufferer* are daily recovering «oit health by vais Great Cngllek Present pile», therefore wo make you this unbiased guaran-
Wholeiale only
Long Dletanee Telephone 1729,
In Premium Income ÎB Interest Income ,
In Insurance in force
In Assets ...........
in Net Surplus ....
In Insurance Reserve.
The president stated that the
EORSALK- Cheap, 40 acres»t Hepwerfh, brick bourne, ¦ frame bans, good water, or eichaage for larger ferma. Apply W. T. KEARNS, H^pwortk St» , Ont
«••• ••#•••
10.11 The Scotch trade unions are moving .... 10.15 I for an eight-hour day.
.... 10.01 «... 10.73 ... 15.18
PumA L COFFEI A CO.,
0,1	CRAIN AND COMMISSION
MERCHANTS,
Roams 409 12 «nard.of Trade Building, TO HON TO. ONT.
EitabiiaUed 1S4S
CATALOGUE KKKE
He
m^yletflÇeilZ?ILm«Mr#Ik SH»
0. H. OR Mi, Mfg üe., Men tree I.
teo
Tailors and Dreae-uaakers. aeud for catC. A O. SCHOOL CO., Montreal
,	gen-
tlemen representing the United States I Hypnotism is scientifically studied in
Insurance Departments had been in somie of the French medical colleges, the city during part of last month,
and had made a thorough and most searching investigation into the affairs of the company, with a view to its admission to do business in their respective States, and that these exstammerer.-*™,,
SRSAtSSa. ».	shirrs:
iuJaU °n °to the «icemen“ch^r acUr of .entor n^rtnîr'o^tY.Trm of"^ j	18«4
b =r-Hs» ssseass ssliiBtete1
per cent, in debentures, nearly 14 that cannot be cured by the use of Halls TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL
per cent, in stocks and bonds, loans I Catarrh Curb.	1 ivnvniv vv	vvnvuL.
and policies about C 1-2 per cent., the balance consisting of cash in banks,
Interest accrued, etc.
He also called special attention to the fact that although the assets had
CUTTING SCHOOL-
Bold's Blood, Bone and Brain Builders.
Cure all forms cf trtaknes la flthor sex art# ing fr< m impure blood, diseased bone, or lorn pover'^hed brain.
We aieo take thl§ opportunity the many douter* wht> Bave spoke» to ably of the medicine.
The BOLD PHARMACAL CD,,
456 King St, West, Toront#.
alogue.
MONTREAL
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus
Thomas Fitkw
•John' L. Cop jp,e
of tkamklm* favef
Mi
P
ATTEND THE BEST 17
^enÎ TAjy—yÿ^ A*
AUSAU1 CASINOS—N*w Importât! oas Seest English
Ad
8
V
CANADA PERMANENT
Loan and Savings Company.
InooavoftATXD 1866
S2,0c*|O
Paid-up Capital
I, I So.ooe
Aaaerve Puma#
—Toronto St.. Toronto, h Sfrofci# Wbwlpoj; Man., vr.noouier, B.S
AsarOSIl’S are received at ialereat, pftld or pour 4M Ball ’-early
DlliniTVBI) uev.ed In Currency or Sterling witlj Inter**» eeupans attached, aar-ati* im Cam ad» or In EngseA Teavutci-e %nd TruxL-* are author lead by law to lore»! In the Dabentui*» of tala O mpaa 7.
MO*~f AOUYfkD
CATARRH
r special terms during January and . 8. CORRIGAN, 113 Yonge St.
Write for
FRANK J. CHKNKY , m v Sworn to before me and Mihsoribed In my | February, presence, this 6th day of i norm her, A. D. 1880,
A. W. ULKASON
and HAY PBVER Permanently Cured by Medicated Vapor Inhalation—a miracle of suecesa 10 Day# Trial Free. Bend 15c. for express on outfit. Dr. Ray's Suooeeeful Remedy Oe.,Toronto, Out.
Dr. Ray's Anti-Coastlp-tion Pills always oure. Loed.u, Eng Ma. Lour ne, A us. Toronte, Oaa
Especially those who have failed to be oure<l aist>-where, write to Dr Arnoit, titrlir wbu will convince you he can cureyo
|sEAL |
Stammerers
Notary Public.
on Real Petite security ah current rates aad on favorable conditions as te re-
Kis'tfr4
Miuidai # tract*#.
.	.	,	,	, , Hairs Catarrh Cure la taken Interna! y. and
inf Teased very largely, the outstand- art*- directly on the blood nnd mucous surface-* ing and accrued interest had been °f Lho *y*tetu. Send for ti-mimoniala, free.
very materially decreased, which is a Sold by Drurehito'HKNKV * COt*» Toledo, O. proof of the excellent character of | Hall1» WmilyPlUa are the beet the investments of the Company, and the promptness with which the interest thereon has been paid.
James Thorburn, M.D., medical director, presented a full and interesting report of the mortality experience of the company from its erganization, which showed that • great care had been exercised in the selection of . the company's business.
The consulting actuary reported that be had made an independent examination of the affairs of the company as at December 31st, 1898, having examined the books, accounts and balance sheet, also a detailed copy of tho annual report to the Insurance Department, and stated that he was very much gratified with the result of such examination, also with the thorough system of the work of every department throughout the office.
commended the company for clos- |
Ing its books promptly at the end of the year, as had been its custom from organization, and stated that notwithstanding the large amount paid 'he policy-holders during the year, mxither substantial gain had been ( nade in the net surplus, now amount- J
lleifgagee ftt 1 Muuluipal
J. HEütbbkr
Defer
MW* Mill* A H«U
Barrister*, epr. removed to Weeley Bldgs., Rl«h mond «t, W„ Toronto.
LAW
76c
HEALTH RESTORE»
without m-alicine oi eipers* to the
most diror1er** Stomach, Luma, Kerf#*, LI»*», Biovd Biadder, Kidney*. Brail sod Breath hy
Humming birds in Minora, one of the Philippines, are very pugnacious. Hundreds of them simultaneously attack a huntsman and seriously injure him.
u }' t uffiés'Licïïï
b * il) ADIlAlDf 57 W rOHOMî< r

* 9
Bid Yen Ever Eianiie
1
Du Barry's
Revalent* Arabica Food,
which Sava* TunUMr and f’tffldtan. enrl also Fairs suc fully Infante whua# Aliment* and Debility h .we re •toled all other Vest,,,,at#. It dlgeeti when * r other i ood is rejected, saves W tunes it* eo%t In me liun*.
P Invariable Hoeoaw, 100. Annual Curas of Constipa ««>¦, Flatulency, Dyspasia. Iodlfeelioo. CvuaaD.|»tlon, Dialele.< Broochitie. Inilu
m
o

50 Years

m
/or
M
(ftAJUs Of'__
&0 /fas /Wm'O ^ ^c'
Y
H
œ
d
«
----	7.	;	"'•‘ ¦•W». uruosinia liiuu
enza, C Uà,h* A&thoie, (lata rh. Pis leg us, Diarrhoea, Nervous Debility, Siaeplessuae», DespunUeovj,
»
8
t
K
&
O
Du Barry & Co.,
London, W , ali . i0 Paris. 14 Ru# ri* CaallgHom#, and Bt ill OfoonrSa ClâBmistg, an ! Huim *?#-ry wh< re, »» Uni 2s., Sa., 6-1,6a 131b. 14s. Kent	free. A leu Da
Bany • Ratai enta Biscuit*, io t.u*. Se. Id. and «a
a
§
*

No home ehonld ho without eue.
Hundreds Are Now lu Use
giving entire ftatisfacuon.
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS
F're unis required emoe in two weeks. For circular writ*
Dominion Una
/
/
ROYAL NAIL
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•TEA
81 John, N B, a or. Halifax, 4c Liverpool. jailing at Londonderry. Lary-- and mat »wln *c»ew «.tvermh'pe LaDHADOR." “ Va.Xf OrVEH/ "SOOT-MAN.*
Superior accommodation 'or Fini Cabin. 9eo end Cabin and Steerage i.etr-engei. Rate# of fS*«aife- Firnt Cable, 15».W |35; areeraue 122 50 and uewarde .akiordlog to t team or and berth. For all information apply zo Local Atfeote. or David To * *# v%'°* & Co.. Bee l Agnnte, 17 Hi. Saoratuent 8l. *.^iqtreal.
/Cast,
\
trunks
Cu^'. SÂit- lît/>$û7i' tfea,'
Carotid Cabin
THE ODORLESS CRfM™ CO.,
Hamilton, Ont.
V




###PAGE###8###
ANNUAL CHEAP SALE WATCHES:-
By Gioiiyii -
Lumber
Ttic Baffdlo All-Steel Disc Harrow.
This Is the only Disc Harrow msde or sold 1» Vauatln, having independent, adjustable spring pressure upon lhe Inner ends ol the Kang discs, allowing any a mount of pressure to be thrown upon the Inner ends of the Kangs, by the foot of the operator. By this inruns a pvrh ml y flexible action U secured and the ground can be worked to a uniform depth. Kxamlne this Machine carefully
Sawing.

KA
ninl compare It with others

I desire to inform the public that during the month of February I will do all custom sawing at *2.00 per thousand feet, cash, and shingles will ho cut at the rate of 00 cents per thousand.

U
The No. 12 Cultivator

!
H. S. Dowd’s Colnmn
ARNPRIOR.
IS A MARVKL OK SlTCVKss
i il 11 I vu tor ni fit that boll) lines of let 11, will VUl an evtn depth In the ground. Kxuinln. It sud you will see why. The only Cultivator "'ll I» a double tooth se I so that the atighmi the teeth van he regulated to Milt any condition ot Notl. fressure can be regulsted to act differ ntly on every section requiring It. I he teeth are Curried between I lie wheels In* stead ol trailing behind, ns In other nm-ehlnea, thus securing lighter draft. This nut-ehlne Is furniMhed with grain and grams seed box when required It bus reversible dlu n.ond steel points for the teeth ; also extra wide thlatle cutting points van be furnished 1. xa in me It and you will buy no other.
* hkw o
Compare Prices willi w hat you have been paying.
Sterling Sliver Case, Wall ham Movement............................
Sterling Silver Case, 1\ S. Bartlett, 1 Jewels..........................
2e-\ ear (> old K il ltd James Boss Case Waltham Movement
Year Wold Filled James Boss Cast
P. X Bartlett.................
>Yiar Vas.-s with same Movements ci t f t no more, v«z , *16.00 and $21.5 ».
fjr F very Case stum ed with the maker’s mum
guarantee but stamped lut * the m. i
EVERY \\ ATOM (U aR VNTKI t> IN ! Y K!: V
VABUCVl.AU.
Sole Agent f r the James Boss Cases.
*L
¦'THR LEADING HODSE’’
$7.60
13.00
y

*# 4
13.00
• #
V
The best Drill Made.
'*0
M-tAv* Nv
TYia	s,n tin*enormous
“ ! fssrts?, John j. cleary,
.	Seville.
at the un hit time and at the ilkhit I’KU’es. Our customers know that they can always got just what they want here. The Fall and Winter season of 1898 will not litid us behind the mark. Every department is now tilled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfort able Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near ! right as the combined efforts of ready | money and years of experience cnn I possibly make them.
!l
Tho Hoosicr floods flo Introduction.

<>v» r li.,00i» Brills ami Kevilurs uf our niniui lav I ore lit usv In VaiiHtla

&
loi I r v gu « railf « V. (No!

•n.oh with It r for Instant and pvvfvet re*, ulation of depth of hoe In all kinds «r .0|| while l cm in Is In motion. Hows absolutely correct to kv tie ; saves seed,as every kernel is deposited at a proper depth to grow I'm. ohase only the la st and you will be satisfied
We as. manufacture Binders, Reapers,
Mowers. Rakes, Cultivators and Pul pens as good as the best.	*	’
Send for Illustrated catalogue.


H 1

February 6, 1899.
1
y
ALL REPAIRS
4 I'l’lJCATION will be made at.the next .1 session of t he Parliament ofvanada tiy th« I'ontlac l'aclfle Junction R«IIway Company for an a ct to t xh-nd the I line for com-menelng and completing Ms extensions attend v author 1% «I: (I) I mm Ils present terminus at Waltham to Hault Hie Marie via Pern broke, Horn Its present terminus at W all ham In a north westerly direction to a point in the County of Pontiac, and (8) from its present terminus at Aylmer to a point In II, and thence over the Ottawa river to Ottawa ; and also for commencing and completing I he hrhlges authorized to he constructed over th«« Ottawa River at Allumette Island ; and for other
dr
w-4*
money n fumlvtl
GOODWIN •• THE WATCHMAKER.
NOXON BROS. MFC. CO., (Limited)
INGERSOLL, ONT,CANADA
VV- WSLSCN, Agent
Si! VU MM K, UU
tim’KIOK, ONT.
FOPu
Y ARM
I pipe, and the last through n little window that was frozen down. But thought 1,
...:	, >'«at re no coward, and you never
.	it.ier, and I did t Item much harm, save with your non,
\l'.ht. Bussell passed through Vann on [ little we all knelt in pmyei:! which seenn I Thfl DîôSS GOOCiS
i( row lover and reports hue ed all right, until one of the ladies said	x	x
,	. ,	V *11 l»ray, " and then I tell von I had m! DopartmCIlt#^#
SS .Ivmnc Me. Janet is home from difficulty in telling where f was and I
in_r. her t ime living up, and Misa then and there made up my mind never
.N ani.m has started to timdi her to tell any person about my 11 serane*::
s„ we are sjptare on teachers.	hut do you know, as soon as my
mk.ui.1 Richardson s little Ix.y, Archie, good old friend got I wick to Vann the
js ycl'y lnw Wl,h inHamiiiatiun of the first person he met he slapped on the
X1.	..	. .	. iNuk, saying, “doyou know the fun I had
ooht. Mol.met, Ins wife and daughter trapping Sandy into a Hornerite meet
im-1 >'lvn laid up with grippe for the ing I So, thinking he might tell von 1 jus; Mi «lays; and the post master says | resolved to tell you myself, and f m!lv
grippe held him m bed for ten days; hut add he will he deuced sick before he gets guul to see lum out feeding his hens aired again by	6
Feb 18th.
III!
Dear editor st ems fine after the cold w i
\ arm is tine todax
REMARKABLY
du r posed.
A. KKROVSON, Hollcllor for e.ldCompaay Dated this 2Uh day of January, 1S90.
CHEAP. . .
V t
road
A (’OMPACiNIK de chemin de fer I .... IJ Mas et Jonction du Pacifique s’adressera au parlement du Canadi, rt sa prochaine %	i	l	\ r	HVNKion. Afin «Ifohienlr un note pn»*nf
lateet novelties in plain and fancy M^h délatti pour rommeneor et oompHier mo*
Cashiiierec and Serges in all the de- mis actuel A Waltham dans une direction
airable colors for this season's wearing. .ï.Vpon, Im.J w q(SMe 'ion 1 "mi mis actüÜI a
Scotch and French Plaida in great	mawa'w;‘T it
\ anet), f rum 10 CtiiltS to 60 cents pei J ati'Sl nour commencer elooinp éler le* ponte
h'uf Uliawa A Pile mux Allumette», et pour d’air res fin*
'on-
This department ia tilled with the
Mai
go to
ClllJito i Grain
yard
Their stock will lu» found h and second to none in
the county.
i ru:e
i
#
A. FEIIGUHON,
D.W ce	com^ale-
Wc have nothing. old to show you
again
MUs Annie 1 Vcndergasl «»f Radford, is tlit* giu it of Mr. and Mrs. T. Palmer.
Mr. Wm. Palmer’s little boy took a tit a fvw days ago and it was feared lie was I To the Editor of The Eyi going to die, but I am glad to report he j Dear Sir is recovering
Sandy
Portage du Fort, Feb. 11th, 1899
TITY,
In the Silk £ Department #
# *
Tenders Wanted.
Mirrored Sideb ards from $5 80 up.
Cupbuaids from $,“> 50 up.
Extension Tables from $4 00 up.
3 j Dee 1 led room Suits from £7 (JO up.
Double Beds from $1.45 up, amt other hi tic Vs too numerous to like value.
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
Healed Tender*
. marked ** Tender for Cheeseinaker, and "Tender for Secretary/' Will be received by llie undersigned unto Saturday, the 181 h of February next for a eornnetrnt CheeM-maker and secretary for the Clarendon Cheese A Butter Co.
For ehee*< maker two forms ol tender will be considered. n irnely :
1-Cbeeheniaker to state amount In wages be will accept per month for making and nxlng ehes e and keep ng milk book, the v „ ...mi r j	.	, I { onipany to furnish all supplies necessary.
i('U will nod an extensive range of J '• • hn « Ueoemaker to stale price per 10o
Canadian and English flannellcttes	f?r I1!”k 1 îi*.Hnd b,°.xlng '"becse. keep-
from 4 cents to 15 cent, per yard. | quittât,....................... ,v",yth",K
lu order tu call attention to the error of tlio Pontiac Teachers* Association in jp troducing the study of Authors, and state what should constitute such I I HR	'ind den- sociatiou, 1 b g for a short space
r . Me.lanet to look
HHHH1HHII the January meeting the P.T.A. DopartlllCIlt “
you g,»t a dressing from Qtiyon. luv study of literature was introduced, * blind, Mr.	I-Mitur, the cap you put	a,ld although	objected to	at the Febru-
I Hm»"^ »	little too tight, but tell	wry meeting,	not one of	those present
mu;	to wear it a little while and it will	""u'd secmid	a motion to	do away with
ht even a	head like a pumpkin.	tbat which is	the function	o" schno's »-nd
e has forgotten to tell his English l‘lerary societies and not at all of Teach. ¦»«	.
pends how mueli cheaper they will get e,s Associations. What would you think BlâHiCOtS l»eel when the canal is furnished. Now, a printers’ association that wuu d give Mr. Editor, 1 want to tell you about a time to spelling matches ? What would scrape 1 got into, but 1 don't want you to Archdeacon Naylor think of an Anglican l>hib it .-ill over the country. 1 was trap- ; kS>,riud which met to study the Beatitudes? pe l into a Hm norite meeting lately, and j ^ hat wmild an intelligent d ctor th nk will explain it »w it happened. 1 have a of a medical association, met to dissect a good old friend out here who has been ln»dy ? What must you and the public sick, an I ho asked mo if I would take think of a so called Teachers' Association my team on Saturday and return on Mon- met to atudy Tmnyaon ? just as Orthoday in order to give him the fresh air. graphy, the Bible and Anatomy belong He being a nice old mail (wears gold fu Hie school and college, so do, s litera rimmed glasses and dresses to match, of,
course). I said yes, and away we went, r,^hat then con titu ea the work ,
HiiiViug at our destiu ition at dark. We T achera Association f Is it literature or had a jolly evening amongst his friends r!|t‘ ;irt teaching literature ? Is it arith mid acipi.iintanves. On Sunday morning met ic or the diecussioti of the mot In da I tarti'd to drive him around the settle- and t,K‘ psychology < f that subject ? Is it ir \ r»n r.r	,,	•	,,	. nient, and anon stopped for noon, and of any school subject, or is it the art and
are	lilanStî^x^" CVUISV >uUr kn,w when 1 get at other peo- the	»f teaching as well as the pro
Hair Dressing Parlour.	pie s oats I never forget my hoi ses. 1 ,n t tou of Jaws and regulations for the
Parties wishing to haw their r;>2 ,rs i„m- I ,la<1 just fvd m> team when my old friend ^tterment <f education and of the pro ed or dressed c.n hnwih-.n	put in excellent cai,ie up and said, 4* Sandy I want t«, at-	'V8smn l,iat constitutes the true function
couuitlon ior from	15	to 25 cents.	tend me ting at 2 o’clock- Will you bike	"! a Teachers’ Association / Herbert
Th\ m Hair Tonic.	! me ? ” tasked where, and as he gave ^PVI,cer i-ays that all education should
tlie name <»f a ooori Methodist house, 1 cuiiniunte in the art and science of edu s<ud, “ all right; I'll go. v We reached	a,id this is almost equivalent to
’ •1 v pi lee a little late and from the nuin- Me Lei ian's motto ; “ Learn to do lier of teams around the house, 1 thought knowing and to know by doing.” Art , we could not get in at all; but when the 18 ‘hung and science is knowing. Is it old man went in, said I to myself, there	uot aI1 important that the teacher be able
must lie room for Sandy, too, so I tied	tu do and to know tu do ? But from the
my horses to the latch of the kitchen door, ac,l(m ^ the P. T. A. you would infer and went in also._________________ otherwise. Yftu would infer that all of '
Once inside I looked around for the! ^ art and lIlti #c‘oiicti of education is minister, hut instead I espied two Indies ! iLxhausted, or that there is no such thing, and the thought occurred to me, “ are ,r , m t"18e Study school discipline, you safe, Sandy I ” But after a moment	government, educational psychol-
01 e lady got up and gave out a Inmn,	educational reformers and school
and asked a good Methodist brother to I ,net‘1ods and tilers will be found woik for lead in prayer, which 1 considered all	Then to the que tton, whit vu. -
right. Next one of the Indie> took the 8tllut®8 fune iou of a Teachers’ As- Boots 3,11(1 SllC3S Hour and read a text.—Of course that 8,>clailon * On every count it is the pro |	 —
was the last we heard of the text, hut we	and a,i khat aI>P«rlains to the
got a grand discourse, which I put down ProfdSal<JD* lr »8 not literature and cinnot as Methodist, sure. After she got through ‘ bd *l,vra,ure- .
she asked the other lady to continue the , <>w’ 8,r* f w,eh to appeal to teachers meeting, and she did so, splendidly. who ar'J dti8,roU8 of studying the aim,
After a time she gave out a hymn mid | ni*nns aud e,ld of education to rally asked all who wanted a hlessin ' to take aro“n , t,ld^ue standard on which is in the front rent, which happeimd to l>e	8C. tid Teacher, study the art and
where I sat. I felt like stopping where 1	ac,encti °1fiy°uy profession,” and hoping
I was, and if I had it would have U*en i	eom.e Wl11 avad themselves of the oppor-
all right as 1 could have got out- hut I	!unity al,d thanking you, Mr. Editor,
CopyDB^V	stepped back and kept going back until I I	fur >our ePace» 1 “ "
Anyone sending a Fketrh and description may	k,(,t >vhind the stove. The lidy kept on
HÈS2 mmmigs
\
»wd from Vann attended the Tea eher.s meeting at (Juyon this week. Tie ladies were
A id ley. Maggie Woulsvy, Flo nie M
after the lut
to
Mi
Mary Seaman
(i
ses
an as
in vm
,lr In the Staple
« at
in-. 11
1 sc
Nevei
1 liii.i was
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS—
A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING, -»» >
Nh,XT PojR TO DoNU.Dm»N'< Jl WKJ !.Kin S I I
Main St., - - Shawville.
re-
---- Irene.
I be (juhiii My of c’bevee manuiavturvcl «lu-rhu Him p.«8i year by this Company 87.020 pou mis.
Tendvrers for I he position of Secretary may ascertain the nature and extent ol t lie duties of that ofTloe by consulting the Bylaws 01 I he Company wh ch may In* seen bv calling on I be undersigned.
Th«‘ lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.	J
was
z I
Comforters - -

UNDERTAKING
| Wu have never shown much x a line of White and Gray ( Blankets and Comforters.

A- usual i ! is Branch « f oui 1 eqii'pp <{ wit h i h ce< ary ii in clu ling tii«* best emba tiling app iaacts
A. G MURPHY,
Pres. O. C. A IJ. Co
a I
1
Shawvllle, Jan. 23,18119.
Ladies Woollen Underwear...
,Ur
SI I VWVILLK
©
1 U re
lair terni Patii
A. J. JABS.
with, i
or plain, all sizes. The latest cities in Lidles Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
or without sleeves, ribbed
i
f a
noY
MAIN ST
shawm LLE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The Clothing Department
----o
O 9
Confidence in the clothing department was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are nellim?
at $5.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10.00.
Mens’ fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5.00 to $10.00 underwear in all sizes and quali ties, and at the very lowest prices
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Ileeoralor.
J0ÏÏ2T SMITH. ^NOftawa/"^ Business College.
----o
ALL ORDER8 PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. jgSTiMATES FURNISHED.
Men’s
o
(Established lit years.)
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND RAT-
Groceries |
The Delceacios of the Table®
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
---—O — —
Fall term coninvnet'N ; ugutf ,/>in. , m..nent Mdl of lour experienced ab perl t.Nirlmrs ; thh ly t w<> ye ts of utilni. . ruptod muecus.. ; being t-i.<ioi>ed by (In*
Ing business and p ofemelonal men of in. Vaphal ; each graiuaio ironing the in, of the flu hi items Kdueniors’
-uoceas <*i uur graduan <• (t i., , are to bo found everywbore) are p your consideration. rtend for new C
V per e i*x
IS FACTION GUARANTEED.
i-r
o

OIII» nn III
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
Canada : t h<
ilnis lor
ilalogue.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
>
•JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148*154^ Hank St., Ou
'
You’ll bo glad if you do and sorry if you don t visit our shoe depart* ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is I CjJJJ tilled from floor to ceiling with the very latest iu Fall Footwear, for ™
ladies and children, men and boys	____
2ï.“£ S£t5 & à I ii PROMPTLY SECURED
be a record breaker.
taw»»
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
PATENTS


PATENTS
<
M rite for our interesting books ** Invent ora Help" and "How y Send ur a rough sketch or model of ycur invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether ft is probably patentable. We make & specialty of applications rejected In other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Kngim•**riu«. Bachelors In App led Science». Laval University, Members Patent Law Association American Water Works Association, New England Water Works Assoc, r. q. Surveyors Association, Assoc Member Cam. Society of Civil Engineer*.
OFFICIA - • *IW voae U,E rw*., HOMTIEAL IAS.
0 cte* t ATLANTE BBILBUE., VASMINCTOfl, BA
Trade Marks
ou are swindled."
«
remain,
Your# truly,
John Douglas
- - THE LEASING HÛDSE • •
H. S. DOWD, - - - ÇM
Scientific American.
I
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest dr-eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms, #:t a year; four months, |L Sold by all newsdealer».
HBbssSH






