###PAGE###1###
'•V



«My






Z* '
rl


-











m




No. 7.
17th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, AUG.
3,	1899.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Are you using Dowd's Flour Î
«srsjærur-jsnsz	”
points proportionately low. Will be w « ,oorf*° Young and wife, of Smith’s
CAPITAL - - - $6 000 000 *********** Of oar#.	ruuw, aie visiting friends sfc Elmside.
RESERVE FUND, - 2.600,000. |.( i.ï“7.S.'p,.“,S	I	A"*'*
consummated a few days ag«.t between a Mrs. J. Brownlee and little boy have I 3 well-known resident of El inside, and a returned from a six weeks’ visit to friends pioneer citizin of Shawville, No apprêt Pembroke.
c able effect upon the stuck marked the ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ incident, however.
)
PERSONAL.
¦
Head Office ; Ottawa Canada.
ÿg* (fully paid up) . 11,600,000 00
3333333333333
OF CANADA.
3
3
. 11,170.000.00
1C
3
3
Board of Direcion :
Charles Magie, Esq., Preiident. George Hay, esq.,Vice-Preiident.
Hon. Oeo. Dayton, Ja,
Alm. Framer, E*(j,
3
3.

3
3
John Matmkr, Em*. David Mac La hen, Hsg.,
3
Head Office, . Montreal.

3
Dennis Murphy, Eh*
3
tmm ::
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
BARGAINS
General Manager, - * - Manager.
3333333333333
811 AW VILLE BaiNCH.
Mm Coxford, of Pembroke, arrived
I » ‘.7 l ®n * vi*"; *° her sister., Mrs *V ildinim, formerly of the flI|tchell *nd Miai Mamie Coxford,
-.....^ mmlme
Uanatèr. ‘hem nnd turn them fully to account f
ms belief 5.

Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought ftud collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.

Mr. A If
ÆM.î-.ÏÏ'SSfKï
Notes and Bill* collected, rjnhrest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
Office Houn—10 a. m. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a. m. to p. m.

In the Domin-






lst
Batukdays

or I	H. Elliott, Mis* Minnie Elliott,
and . 1rs. Andrew Hudgins, were among
ti , . r i i	,	V1086	, took in the Pilgrimage to 8te-
opeciaj Bargains. - For the next 1 cloaingid the bazaar under the au- Anne de Beaupre on Monday. Two
week go to Cuthbertaou & Graham'» for	of the English Church at Aylmer coaches were comfortably filled with pae-
apecial bargains in parlor suites, lounge», „ 1 ‘ ,,Vv '	evening in the town «engera when the train reached Shawvil|e
and couches.	hall#	™r. Taylor, the genial past- °» the date mentioned. The excursoniets
°r» prided m his usual amicable manner were from Bryson, Cal. Island Camp.
«Etats traar	Tüz IM"' ¦* •*¦**.>*>• -•
Saturday.	0,1	excursion wan under the auspicew of the	every nundwr of the programme. The i	n. ,_.	T7.	..	,
North Lanark Agricultural Society.	evening was opened with speeches by	oiBUops Visitation.
bSSEm
sheese r:::: ::::::	¦
expert electrician in town last week	Tlie weather was very propitious, and
repairing the telephone	service, which for	The Bourinan Bros. of Amprior, one	the results exceeded the most sttmmiue
80016 weekl P*1*	has	been	practically !of w“om it will be remembered had	expectations of both pastor and people.
°* *»•	! charge <>f the Steamer Janet Craig for a The proceeds amounted to close on 8500
llffhtfùl trip for $1.10 from Shawvllle.	¦ ¦ ¦¦
Regular train foss through to Wakefield end return.
LOCAL NEWS.
Have you tried Dowd’s " High Loaf ' Flour ?
Ladies’ Fine Shoes

A few broken lines—mostly small sizes —must be cleared out at any price.

Tuesday, Wednesday, Saturday,
2nd
an
A FATALITY AT AYLMER.
Beulah Buchan, Aged six Years, Fell into a Well and Was
Drowned.
Straw Hats
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE. #
Six of our village boye, namely, A. I	---- I. Little Btu’ah Buchan, the six year old
Morrison, Reggie and Harold Hedging, Mr. Charles Daley went down home ^au8hter John Buchan, was drowned E. Lang. Altie Knox and Alex Smith, ,ast Saturday, returning Tuesday.	I n. sntunu,™ we" on her father’s pre
have gone into camp at Norway Bay thin Mr and Miss Dahma, of Thorne Cen-	last Thursday afternoon about four
week. Some big tish stories may be tre; Mies Lummis and Misa Judd, of I u.cIock- The little one waa playing about looked for.	Thorne West, were here Tuesday last. I i“e >*ar(1 68 U8Uftl during the afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs, Thus, and Mr. John I To® fath,er ,uie8cd her, however, about
4 30, and started out to look for her.
i
Any hat in the store at actual cost. They must go.
! NDERTAKING.—-The undertaking equipment of Cuthbertaon & Graham ia second to none in the district, and all orders receive prompt attention at moderate chargea.	I	g
sâüS
I üüEf :Hr~'?i:; *
wwn« followed by a large concourse of broken i* f u. vT*;?’ h?'inS co camp on Otter Lake.	,eath.» hung unused, is covered, but it ie
friends and acquaintances, were interred	Tl,,- ,ï u T k i Y ‘ f.ht‘ ai<1 uf Mr. Cuthberraon of Mesgrs. Cuthbert- 8Ur"},8^d that the child, attracted to the
M Norway Bay cemetery on Wednea- Ued^'f, amT*?!] doT^t dwllS I d°n f <irï'“m üf S'uwv.lle. .pent Tuea- Ridden «pot, forced cf the lid and fell
place from her late reattlen e, on Tuo.dayt	Tue,d,y.	Hj‘e j her K»a.
to the Prt ahyterian een e ery Uppt 1 ... ha K'V. Mr. Lu mm is of Thorne Litchfield, and was very largely attended.	WM*!ere Thursday.
Killoran
highly entertaining to the local devotees eenting the syndicate to build the Ottlw*	| mediately, Dr. Cranston, of Arnprior, 0 f	», on sPcakcr*-
Of the wheel.	csnal, „ysthat a ataff of eighty men and	“ *  accompanying him. M^fev.n w*e re- I^. qo£<»
jsmssm5EÏ5HSS “sr.”	i
lillll rtUpSiü?sii mHü
gfe&a-	wsa. SS’SSrêàS
BpaSSEf -===. ESSSr'1-'...........“
1~ EiS! zeF5^
"Si^“r'10î2: h“-
buildings erected and big increases made	_ • 	11th, Louie Dilworth, 1C45 ; teachers 8<mg Sen ice and SoM Sermon, conducted two winters on the way and are only now U' m*t,tut,01M which had their
ÉiHW
WANTED
woman
3rd
were
Men’s & Boys’ Clothing*
jCLa
B
For next 8 days at special cut prices. Sure bargains in this line.
Last


i
J
Notice.—A Lawn Social, under the auspice» of the “ Ladies’ Aid ” of St. Andrews church, Fort Coulonge, be held at the residence of Mr. John Proudfoot, Main street, Fort Coulonge, vn Tuesday, August 8th, 1809. Supper only 15c., to be solved from 6 to 8 o'clock p. m. All are cordially invited.
Mr. Ketchum, of Ketch urn & Co., Ottawa, dealers in sporting goods, was in
I
?
I
will
Fatal Accident at Arnprior.

Death of the Speaker Edgar
r Ï

SHOES GOING UP
Prices Will Follow the Increase
in Leather

to
11
12
14 to 16 12 to 13
£eU
# *


' T
Z4




> <:
V
r.
i f
r a

i H
He




{



i



:
? m
conference wan truly


v





fi







LK
. / ¦ -• -

SL-=-




_

###PAGE###2###
THE EQUITY AUGUST 3, 1899.,
when it Li compelled to decay ** *ïo"
doe* when spread in this way
i ho H.iuce pan will preclude the net os-1 hity of const am Htirring in order to I 5
.** WlVAN iWM.ViV.WViy ywv	rtwvw^.
s	!
AO TES A AD COMMENTS
I
ly 4M it
Second, it becomes • I»tfbot to* miei
wbiub. particular-
a
#
About the House.
prevent scorching.
The housewife a frock, when engaged in such duties, should he a skirl, uf print or some washable material, made unite short. Over it may be worn a sort of combined whwI and apron, preferably of gingham. A shirt waist made rather scantier in front than prove it in some way, writes John M.
uMial is supplemented by u long apron | Jamison. Formerly, when these farms of two hteadi hs. One half of it is sewed to the belt, the other half over t he - ft nlde, et Inched to •» bell uf its own.
This apron saves the sleeves of the | aornet hi tig very different from what
-I din u y xx im \x 'i n wit h i hs niu , i
bib apron, and is likewise cooler. It is only i moment s work to slip off this novel arrangement and don a cool fresh shirt waist.
Any fear that the spirit of adventure u* dying out in the world, that the ft et leas brood of explorera has become eu ova ted by the refinement we insist upon calling civilization, should In* set *f ivet by the work of discovery contemplated and in progress only the other day that the Duke of Ui.» Abiuzzi sailed from Norway to liarents Sea and Franz Josef Land, thus adding a fourth to the expeditions now pushing their way • toward tb s top of the globe. While the royal duke and Mr. Wellman are moving poleward from the European side. EN sty and Sverdrup are advancing lo-
an! other veitum jy if the orchard U a young one, may lender great damage by gnaw ing uuu |H»rhaps girdling the trees. I bird, u keeps ills upper layer of soil moi si slid thus eneuui iges the growth ol
This ta dan-
l:
INTERESTING ITEMS ABOUT OUR
OWN COUNTRY.
MOI IIS IN CARPETS
It should be lue ami ok every man
owning and o|*»rating a farm to im-
If you fear th it they are at work
will
Uetàered from Various Polats from the
Atlantic to the Pacific.
roots no ir t ho suri ve gen,us to the life of the tree. »in< v should lhe mulch Is* removed at any ir should an unusually dry «1**11 ______ the roots could not exchange
their ih - a dry position for a devis*i
oilv supplied with water.
11 u ui.i be lietlei to part with i
than to (eopardieo the
Hut the farinet
at the edge of the ou|>et, it sometimes suffice to lay a wet towel.
hot flatiron over it; hut
It was
fiait Public schools are to have a musical instructor.
F Lang, Bran!ford, fell from a scaffold and was sever sly injured.
W. llv liyall, prominent as an Oddfellow in Le.iiningion, is dead.
The deaths in fiait during the first vix months of 1899 numbered 05.
James lias been appointed leader •i ' Brant ford Citizens' Hand.
...ijor Walters has declared against telephone monopoly in Lindsay.
Guelph Fat Stock Club has received donation of a #250 silver cup.
A grain elevator with a capacity for 30,000 bushels will lw built at Almonte.
Mrs. dimes Keith, a former resident of Woodstock, died recently iu
Vlueago.
Police Magistrate ft vase, of Nêlson, U.C., has had his salary increased to 870 n month.
The Comuiunion plate and drapery
of St. James' Church, Vancouver, hie been stolen.
Miner Sweet, of l.yndhurst, has been
appointed to fill a vacancy on the Brorkvil lv police force.
Woodstock trustees object to games
being played on the school grounds during vacation.
J. IV Hickey, has resigned the posi-
of ours were ill l lie hands of t he on-
meunt
and press a the bent w ay id 10 take l he carpet up
it and give a careful al-
lium, i ire u i
gin il owners, improvement
and clean (pillion to the floor. Look in the cracks.
of moths,
I'heii the effort was <o
it mearns now
he cul
get the land in condition to tivated, and to erect such buildings as the farmer must have to shelter himself and family. No thought was had
looking to i lit* improvement of the soil
Slake a peck of fresh lime in water | j lu,u a farmer s skill, in a great meant 1 when cool dilute it with additlon-
md If vou discover signs
straw ai a loss life "f » he orchard
can buy and feed a few extra stock t1
tad trample down 1 he rest mil i nus form good inan-if i he straws nil to-
in 1 seat-
it before putting
w ish the floor with benzine
ter red pepper op the carpet lining down.
Heavy c irpets sometimes do not re-
unless in
e:il put
of i lie si i iw
GOOD EGGS IN SUMMER
h no I on#
gvn II" should gun instead of lose upon the itixvsiment, to say nothing uf preventing h possible loss in his mch iid. Glean cultivation with » hi»t-
t loose '¦ ni i * will
prevent his trouble by making ’he roots go deeper into the soil for their food inil moisture.
lift
ward the same objective by the more favored route via Smith Sound and
y e i
quire taking up every constant use. Loosen the edges, tohl mo
northern Greenland. To keep the carpets b ck. wish the floor in strong
balance even at the other end of the SUljSi wilh a l blesissuiful of borax
earth'd axis, two expeditions, one Ger- dissolved in them Dash with insect
man. one British, are planned to fol- lH>\vder. or lay with
low the present Belgian party in toe along the edge
endeavor to find out whit lies behind,' o, U4t, turpentine, the enemy
the Antarctic wall of fog
sure, was accredited to huv ability t•> leur and fence land, and the buihl-
ldded to the value of tin*
a I water to make a barrelful. When tin» id well settled and perfectly clear
have a barrel sweet and clean and IU^M *)Ul ul>	.
gently put the eggs in the bottom su 1 holding. Improvements in the way
that none are broken or cracked. Then buildings, in a newly-met tied m>ur Ihe clear limn water over the eggs |l|w add mu,.u l(, ,h(J Vlllu^ „£ ihe to level. Over (hem lay a piece of mus-1 lui larger than the top, and tuck it in all around so as to pul above it the soft lime to the thickness of half it: inch. Cover this with water and move the barrel in a cool place, then eggs for any emergency are at hand all summer. It is needless to say tint for | of the country breakfast, one
them au naturel, from the nest as soon as possible
a
row to ma'iuuin
tub ecu leaves
serti hi
nd ret ivk the rat pet.
>f buf-
la nd
BEST BREEDS OK CHICKENS
land, more order of
On land faio ninths, carpet xvoruia, and other in
nd deal > o| ca 11 #
In the improvement of new n | muscle originally counted for than brains. Now, a new things must rule in the old sect ions
Original fertility—in should always have | ,jlt^ mam—has been exhausted, ui allowed to escape. With the careful farmer, the buildings oil land to he purchased are only valued according to the actual use to be made of them. If
The difficulties uf poultry m iy be overcome to
judicious selection of a breed of fowls bey, suited toy-ur surroundings- If y“U hive but a limited area md ymr flock
>f the time.
raising
» measure by the
the discoverers are busy everywhere, 8evta tint injure pushing their way into the areas yet &lix the turpentine with pure unknown and completing the explora- j„ (ju. pnqkn ttou of three tablespoon-lion uf man's earthly heritage, as if the fui* to three qu iris of w .ter, and then, maintenance of intellectual energy de-	the virpet his been well swept,
each bre.dth calelully with
w ltt'1
must be confined most
.should choose t hose breeds which
pended on the work
g.» over
a sponge dipped in the solution
Ch nge i he WBt#l
1 he car-
you
miiy be kept in confinenienl with best
I’he huburban residents pro-
ud
Announcement was made of the ar- wrung nearly dry rival of a Russian expedition at Lassa, a soften . a in Thibet, the first European party to l‘wt* w‘ll be nicety vie invd
paetrate the je.Uou.siy guarded seclu- ^vây^aud'Vhe'eggs'dvetia^cd by this
be removed and re-
result s
BRAVE DEEDS OF DOCTORS.
t bee tues dirty
duve a large proportion of the poultry and eggs consumed in t his count i y.
The farmer, as a rule, kee|rs one flock
ii i farm with In## niafao w than
lie who takes care of one in coniine- Uun of p,j|,vipal of the Wallaoeburg ment. The best egg records ire from public school.
I host* flocks which have been kepi m yards instead of having an ahogcili-
More 1 ibor is re-
s well as be kept
he does not expect to occupy them himself, he will not attach much value to them, even if they are costly structures. When lands thrown on market are bought to add to pasture areas, the purchaser, in most cases prefers the improvements to be in some other form than fine buildings. Vie an fields ami good fences please him more.
One fact stands very much against
They Are Nelilum Henni Of, Hal Tiler
Are Plenty In4nnffn.
«ion of the city of the Grand Lama. mt»alk4 .sputa m y And it is known that a second one is novated by the use of ox-g ill or am
, nd n tier.
A gi\»d way to brighten i carpet ta to put half a tumbler of spirits of i>ii-
pentine in » b sin of water, and dtp Wiioue1 and once populous region at your broom in ii and sweep ovei the
th ¦ source of the H aug ho. Clearly iho vnryet ouce ui i» ivr. and il « U '<*
,.. ,;r;.;^uïdr\°Lu,;; ;:“ aïï,l.
And. given the promise of a quotable g,*,ti Way to cle.n old carpets is to i> s ilt, the irresistible charm which rub them over with meal ; just damp-
Ivuik Stflouii»n s mines, and the M.ilays thoroughly swept, rub it with acloih pushed, out into the Pacific to found in dipped in water nd ammonia ; it will th • Maories a new race, may be trust- lighten the colors and m .ke it look
ed to keep their ranks full, and to at- llk<* ,iew*
We are generally kept well informed of the heroic deeds and during of our oubliera and sailors, hut it is very seldom we meet with a record of the bravery of our medical men, who far more often have opportunities for risk
t he
now journeying through western I uuuii t Mongolia and the Gobi Desert, to turn thence southward into the mvs-
Knox church, St. Catharines, will
likely extend a call to Rev. Dr. Smith, fItM'ks in 1 of Thuinesford.
Rev George W. Dickey, of Amherst-
free range
quired, of course to manage confinement, yet ibis t-» made up in the increased egg yield md s-iwng burg, his accepted a call to a Chicago
Baptist church.
Misses Gray, H au well and Matheson
ei
foi
iheir live** to save others, says a
Certainly we have all
mg
Ivomlon paper been told how gallant Surgeon Hugo at the storming of Darghai, saved the lib* of a wounded soldier who was bleeding to death. Hut we only knew of ihis heroism when it was more than twelve months old. and when we had set earned ours** Ives hoarse about in-
ill ihe cost of the ring*»
Leghorns, Hamburg», Min*h i is. 1 *'l
,m e^rlTgr"» TraT	b.ve gr.duHt,,. a. uur„. from lb.
provide them with lit er lot «« «»" *•- j *ood.tock HoepU.I. ing to satisfy their rest less natures	During six moulds 83,357 25 were
w here their rayge is i small one. 1 he	j,| in tines in Russia ml Police Court;
Plymouth Hocks and Wyandottvs b« 225 cases being tried of farm homes, if every fanner tully |uUg lo the middle class, is it were
expected to spend his days on the farm, and will give great « h isl e t ion «-it h
uiercial value, when selling ia the only 1 fowls for confinement and will nil nr- Belleville huvkeyists are in arrears object, and improvement made for the ally do better under that condu mu fur rjü^ rt,ul inj ^e proprietor is go-comfort and happiness of the owner, thin any other class.	ing to sue tie* delinquents
Many things considered as improvements in tins direction by some have no commercial value whatever in Some tiiuo itgo	a young	doctor	in a	eyes of others. 1 he improvement
small village m	Scotland was	cal-	I ed to the farm by the owm
led. out of his bed iu the middle of a must m ike his living from it mut iny mghi to	be toid	that a	wo-	often differ very mu< h fi uni that	of
m ..u who Jived	five or	six miles	the owner who has m income from o	h-
avusïsirsssüzæzuæsrisrsxr'Sfi*	-7*/--,zr*
with all possible haste,leaving a warm are usually noticeable for then util- crimp,e l out of all everyday knowing, j lUI 111,1 ‘K	/11 " U
bed. for a five-mile walk in the blind- ity, and are fully appreciated. But if &|li| (j^y	and talked of soulful Principal Stuart of Stratford 1 ub-
for, as luck would have it, built for show, or because money is ..	, (ij(jn*t fjü(| uut a j,it Umie ' He schools saya the Truancy Act is not
plentiful, th«*y too often become a bur- s '	,	very effective ic that town.
den	and the i J »	“'«Th
Neither was , J |lo(al|y #l llurvard iniveraiiy. consciously trying to deceive the other
i he
the improvement of farms in bauds of many owners; this is the ex
to leave the
pec tut ion of so many farm some time, and have a home iu
Much more inter-
the village or tow n
est would be taken in the improvement
Woodstock police are making a raid on farmers, who, it is alleged, sold dia-
And who
finitely lees heroic deeds
hears of the bravery of country
tract to them something of the interest that attaches to conquerors.
evoi
WHAT TO IK> WITH POTATOES
Potatoes that
Yet, there are deeds
practitione vs Î to their honor which would
have been left over
If ia u°t indispensable to this inter- ! from dinner or lue ikfnst may be utili-t that much shall be gained, but only that much shall be achieved by acts that stir the imaginai ions uf men Save for that limited class which knows much about geography, botany and meteorology, the whole liisioi> of
vast a
sh udow upou many of the deeds done by soldiers and sailors at the mention of whose names we raise our hais
It. Cowling, principal of the Weston
Public school has received an uppoin-rnent as railway mail clerk.
es
D filed potato s
zed in many m iv he fried brown m butter in which
u IV 4
i he
eOVHTINV. TIIKN AND NOW
add-r. w ho will
i tea^pocnful of minced onion has lira! he in fried until yellow, then season with silt, pepper and parsley.
Cut ill slices and browned in hot tat, Arctic research resolves itself into the 1 or stewed in milk with parsley, story of the struggle of man against Nature. There are no habitable lan is
In th* past when u young mail went
he dressed in his best, wear- 1
Belleville City Council was given
to pr o :«¦ tor the nursing of the not only his company clothes, but j city piox in the city hospital.
During the litsix months of the
a-vottr* in g
tug
his company manners
The girl, on
Cu: in half hi it dice and warmed in milk, season'd with butter, salt, pep-
I
behind the ice wall, uu utility that appeals to the popular in nd in the exact location of the magnetic pole, benefit that can be set down in
per and parsley.
Mixed with drawn butter or white
mg nun
he hid lost his horse the day before.
. ..........-.........
a | with crumbled cheese, covered wiift lo his Slllpna© found the only bridge ledger from all this expenditure of	buttered cracker crumbs and hiked	foi mi|ett had been destroyed	by the
human energy and resource. Head	tint i! the crumbs	are brown	storm. Without hesitation, however,
¦>*•»"«p“r>* ,2sit,rs*
yam ney to the north ol Greenland, and 1	iu,t served with	french dressing.	from every garment he wore.	He ar-
uothiug fk'oms more useless and uu-!	Sweet potatoes	may be browned	m	r|vvq al bis patient’s cottage	aching
profitable. Yet one's pulse throbs at butler, or sliced, buttered, 01 suguicd, ln eVery uone, his limbs almost con-
r.	«, 1 "Rjsrasurjs - -» »
qi^s. iht) make ovei	Natuxe, and	variety of methods of	re-serving that	uvl seriOU8i though acute, he reiurn-
there is no one who would not expend	not a ** p ever need	be wasted. Left	ej lo bis homo, going a long detour
some labor or expense if by so doing over portion** of uiished potatoes to croas the stream, and went straight
».	... „ srs sussae
fuitnexed. No material	gain has been	then cut iu si ices and	browned in hot	m,n who sufferings he had assuaged
seoured, but there has	been achieve-	butter or lard. They	may be mixed	al the coat of his own life
with beaten egg, unde into balls and Qn the occasion of a terrible colliery
•- * «r“ —«	•-	53 ssxsjssjsn snrs
better	for it.	Indeed,	there	is a	cheer	meat, or fish.	Meek a/nd I'elicvc the men who were
and an	exhilaration	about	Arctic	ex-	I	 --- believed, to	have fallen victims to the
explosion.
volunteer for others to follow, and Floor and	ceiling	of	a	room	should	the doctor	went down in the cage
b" as pretty	the walls	and	in	a like	with two or	three brave miners. Even
these, however, had their fears, knowing ho well that one explosion is often . , dents who have a mountain cottage followed by another, and that they ui-usina, morai and physical, an I civi- ^.iVe ml(je	walls of rough plaster might all be going to their death.
man remaining long iu it, is ap- i colurpd a (lull brown, which shales on-------
prirently unable to resist the general
no
In the older sections of the country, , on, the first improvement should be in the land itself, the other improvements following in course of time, as the products of the soil prove able to support j but
them. It is the part of wisdom to im- married there were many cruel dis prove the soil first, rather than put jnU8i0,imPI1t*. To the new |
surfa,-e improvements in l he way	for women we owe » change ,
llllii ::ÜiSsi!! iï=Ei=H
Illative source of expense.	breakfast; while if he still appears P<*>
Farming will rest on a better basis heroic to her in knickerbockers and when every man farms for the love a sunburnt nose she may rest satis- J. O'Connor, has resigned his positif it, and aima truly to leave the soil fied that her love is founded on a rock tion as Separate school trustee at better than lie found it; when the 1 hit nothing can shake.	] frd milord,
farmer builds the home on the farm, ! Aside from this view of the subject with the sole intention of occupying t® the far more imiKirtunt one of it while he lives. Must farmers strive character. A woman's parlor views to have a bank account to draw on life may bo merely theories that she when the infirmities of old nge over- lacks the strength and courage lo take them. This is commendable; but put into actual practice, and hence
too often in this effort their farms utterly worthless. The real way to ceive, a Koyal Humane Society medal robbed of fertility. Soil improve- know a woman is to go on an outing fur rescuing a buy from downing at ment is entirely forgotten in the ef- with her. If she can be cheerful in Ganauoque.
fori to secure the bank account. Thus the face of difficulties and can mike Meredith, son uf \V. A. Sudworth, of
1 ssas ! s»*--" »6’
5 m BHJtm 1
not sustain him, and with no bank ac- woman, on her part, has an equally ^	v of 8150 each
count. He has rob In* d the soil with good chance to study a man. She sees , *	;	'	,	, .	. rn.
no effort or thought to add to or sus- him off his guard, while he is no longer H*v. W . B. Caswell ie tain its natural fertility, and when lie trying to lie a Prince Charming. It members uf his congregation in must needs help from the soil it is a is one thing to spring to pick up a stock for talking loo freely when robber in turn, drawing from him the	lady s handkerchief in a pax lor. It	is	service was in progress,
declining strength of old age in his	' another to stay his pace all day	to,	Paris Presbytery has sustained the
mm sasæ ÜÜesp*
VX An îngemon? young woman bought With the words of the marriage	Improvement ""‘basis iff	N°X ^ ' 0CKhT PICK,NG'	soli,
a roll of in.lung, Pliable and jointless,	vow.	! their farm operations. One of the
with diamonds ut blue here nd there.	sweetheart	saddest scenes to me is to behold an , mg people's pockets was resorted to QUev,n s University, has been called to
I his, with a lot .1 picture mmndiiig IJJ ^ { sweetheart still;	aged farmer’s life close on a farm tbit the other day by a thief in Germany.	Presbyterian churches of Humtime ago, when it was discontinued. ,	msidcrobte oatiem^ ' Whose voice, as of old. can charm him; has been his lifelong home and has Disguising himself as a lady, and , phrey and Logan in the Stmt ford
, “*	- —— “• : US SSUSTUStrSttS «—	1 uS.“J53,‘SUrS; i’d TS ...............» - b.......d r.r,.u„„,
arnyle bas not materially affecied the room.	Who has plucked the rose to nml ever always been robbed, and never fed or e compiirtnormt in a railway train al- Uurmg Jun«- the recopia ai
practice.	The	plan	has	been	follow-ed	Good effects can	be secured wath pink	beauty	.and	fragrance	increase,	improved. The povexy of such men is	ready vwcupied by two ladies an<l	a j	land He venue oifice in wen	^
for many years,	and	it	is	difficult to	and	whil<:	eheeserlot h.	the	pink	g.th- ^ the	fiustl	ot passion is	mellowed	the most distressing, and is at the same	gen Hem 111. Shortly after the train	were 244.91», an increase o	n* «
- — —— 7- srÆsÿ.ratT.'îUs:	1 •“—¦**
,LS* ,lLlau °p.	f.. ing the white is shirred an i meets it, ^vjj0 seeM jn the step a lightness; telligent basis. The question is to have them up, smilingly give him one, then
am utr.e feature..	g	extending further to be gathered in a who finds in the form a grace, them understand the necessity of start- offered the ladies some also. The roses
Su .Si..* bTMJ*- U»#.U. %b “m™ "“S ï.“i» 3m!	-----------.	«raw IS tub orchard
There may be all kinds of elaborate If the ceiling. It makes the walls A DETECTIVE S REASONING.	It often happens that the farmer is “her”
—-“11	jv	“ " "" “	b”
u 1	shop; ‘something’s up. And walking (he conclusion that he should spread
ttcroMf- the street the grem detective jn (^e orchard, under the ixnpres-confirmed his suspicions by learning that it was the young man's overcoat
oi her on the equator
lli** «Inert ni * I Si Cat tiurines Pub-all the same, after they were lie Library, protest against the City
Council's action iu reducing the
fad for • £!ant
It is rumored th.il Hon. J. 11. Ross,
Wednesday hall-holiday in Vnncou-
rovers and ring unit-
ve r is only ouserved by butchers, the others not
i;
ed
>
mem of the kind that stirs the blood,
I
Owing to his removal from the city.
It only wanted someone to
exploration that lifts the spirit as explorations nowhere else do. One turns from the stones of African discovery wttfo a feeling uf disgust and depression. The whole continent reeks with
OVEltHE AI) K V K N1SHIN GS
Lieut.-Col. Carlisle, was banqueted
by the officers of the 19th Battalion, <St. Catharines, on thr occasion of his retirement.
E H Biased, of Bruckvillr, will re-
scheme of color. Some summer art stu-
are
the ceiling into a grayish green. Along contagion. In Asia ibe explorer seems lh(l walls at tbe height of the picture always to be overwhelmed by the vast- | rail_ ure uarri>w k.xes, made uf ness of Nature, and even when he cun-
SWEE l HEARTS AND WIVES.
If sweethearts were sweethearts al-
rich
ways,
Whether as maid or wife, ihe tendrils No drop would lie half so pleasant
In the mingled drift of life.
boughs, full of wood earth. In these are Germ n ivy routs, '
q uera, emerges from the struggle with the look of defeat in his eyes.
trained in a spider web of green wires But the far North is a breezy open wUich al>reads cross the ceiling world, with vice f- «en out of i:, and
But the sweetheart has smiles and blushes
When the wife has frowns and sighs. And the wife s have a w rathful giit-
for the iown of Peterboro' at
Another room h is be* u irranged by
its owner as a sort of mermaid's cave,
the walls oi stucco, covered with cl m shells pressed into the plaster ..nd timed a soft given. 1 be veiling is draped with fish nets hung .-h spears. A
w baler’s i ntern and a narrow painted | ff |overs were lovers always frieze of red crabs heighten the illu-
the* explorers are always among the mas
of mankind
cheerful and hopeful and best
ter
For the glow of the sweethearts eyes.
DINING IN JAPAN
At the close of formal dinners in Japan the guests are presented with any portion of the meat they may fail to eat. However great or small the amount they may fail to eat, it is carefully wrapped up for them, and they are expected to take it home with them. The unique custom was followed at official dinners until u short
Mr. Abreyl, a recent graduate of
A somewhat novel method uf pick-
DAILY VISITORS TO LONDON
If the number of people daily elitet-
!„. city f London wore to be deputation by

ing
patched from any given
train, 1,977 trains, each conveying persons, would be required tor tne purpose. Moreover, if ail these Gams were arranged in a straight une, 1‘icy would cover 221 miles ot railway. i
care
surplus straw. He frequent ]y.comes to
saying no is
you know you will get a chance to carry the food off, and either give it to your children, feed it to your dogs and cats or distribute it among your friends. The Japanese pra is all
that could be expected. Each kind of I before they are very ripeg^^^^gg] food is kept in a separate parcel, and | clear, dry day. Four or five common at the close of the dinner the share uf each guest is made up in a neat and artistic bundle
Some of t he new designs in bed room will paper are better than alarm dorks in that instead of waking persons at a given time they would never let hem go to sleep al all.
IN JELLYING TIME
SHE DARED
eion that it will act as a mulch, (hen decay and become available, to the roots of his trees. Thic is a three-fold
First, the straw, though theoretically worth about $3 a ton as manure, lo**»* much of its mt rug mi
Canning and jelly making have been A l fruits should be plucked
and on a
Your teacher whipped you f roare Gay boy. How dared she ?
Well, blubbered the buy. she H V1 she also licked you when you were i her class, aud she guessed she s r s
HIS ONLY CHANCE
Do you know that you talk in your mistake
, ,	. ..	.	.	Sleep. He nr vf asked Mrs. Feck
playing marbles in boiling fruit juice, w‘pl) do yOU begrudge me those few
is they move about on the bottom of WOrds, also! he snapped back
The stage-struck girl receives a severe shock when she sees for the first time some p^ouiar matinee idol off the stage.
it



¦«.	. 2ft,

JW


###PAGE###3###
r

THE EQUITY AUGUST 3, 1H)!).,
Beauty and Vanity1
thix treat m«‘nt faith healing Minks intoj nothingnesa.
RUSSIAN FEVER TREATMENT.
in the
WORKING OF MIRACLES
The whiten, who had been no nobly re-inforced by an old negro and a hen, kept up a good deal of hard that day, and some of them thought at last that they bad fathomed the secret of the man a mysterious gift. In the five days (hey had been pul Jin away at the steamer the wind ha been blowing strong off the lake. On the sixth day, when they got her afloat, the wind was blowing a half gale off the shore, and the m«*ii were of the opinion that the vessel was thereby loosened sufficiently to make iti easy to pull her out into deeper water. They also concluded that the old man was a pretty sink piece of goods, and that unusual powers of observation and a very fertile brain aie the bases of his success us a miracle worker. Their explanation is that the old man had picked up a good deal of meteorological knowledge and that his experience told him that the wind was going to change that night and blow fiercely in t he opposite direction. He thought the change of wind would aid the work of rescue, took the chance, and hit the nail squarely oil the head.
However this may be. there is. according to the native view, not the slightest flaw in the. old fellow's gift is a muacle worker. They believe Nyaena would become dry land if he should S|»e.ik the word, and he doesn't jeopardize his fame by perpetrating little miracles every day or two. Only a great occasion firings him out, and l he machinery for evolving miracles is never set in motion unless he feels certain he has a sure thing.
the plug ia removed, the ear falls i a loop—certainly not an improvement% according to Western ideas. Quitting ear-piercing, the next most popular form of face ornamentation
HEATHEN MEDICINEMEN
I
thinking
Russia i8 also interesting
Wxmæê
snntry generally takes the shape of draws its votai it » with fur less, and h'ough one nostnll only, a decidedly fevers and ague. The various type* thus leads us to ask the question: , r"// . .	, .1	1¦Muuunau x, on
îtovetTTo "bT attr?ba^rble'<toltllhrrl,vi»î- :"Wbat *• b«»uO» 1* >1 déterminai)!.-!" th lr tneleK/as’l hey mnk" îwn" jiull * | There nr# plenty of black persons tmion of I j invisbilti sisters, each of Cun it be put into a clear and precise in thii cheeks -cm in each side which among the barbarous tribes of Africa whom represents a different degree of definition# We think not; for is it not 1 [' > 'dually enlarge, and in which who make a living by their wits. Some
The reined ten are directed agnin^, .he uf.hr Fr.nkiah nuti-ma Thu. the ,a"y;, '^Zll^uti^te'ZTlli
*,Bl .Phlegmatic Turk finds bi» highest type atta|nH |,.ngtb „f lw„ „r more inch
_. ,	,	,	,	. . ,	i°^ woman s beauty in a huge, unwield- ea; and this custom exists also in North I ,ion» insuring copious rainfall when
their daily lives and hopes, and ten-	’beif must he sur- mass of flesh, fit- load for a camel; America, where some native Indians the crops are thirsty, or victory in the
r—EST?»
md would certainly not he considered I when the charms aie efficacious
hinds» me am mg us, however much wo | fetich- doctors are not a bit embarras may im line to the wearing of earrings.
Leaving this species of so-called improvement, we come to the eyes,
should have her head from Greece, her which connection it may Is* remarked
her shoulders I hat the use of the belladonna plant, | sibility
»»r deadly night shade, for the dilation of the pupil of t ,ie eye, is common « to si-ro• districts of Central Asia, would she be a second Helen of Troy, am mg the upper circles of Italian so-
Yet what is beauty? An unattainable f*Hy, :irif* also among certain classes I tation as a miracle workei
—*	«««*«. ws&niir.s&jn
marks that “more women have obtain- also by the Felatah ladies of Central | lhe people around him
Africa. From the. eyes to the hair is white men open their eyes in surprise far h as than a .pan, and it is as well Lt ,he „ pa,.,ut reeu|t ol blll mysier lf> remember that our fine ladies have .	1	....
remarked that “beauty and grace are sisters every whit as punctilious in ,ous doings, and his fame has spread
power and arms of a woman." And to lh«* matter of hairdressing as them- throughout the region between the what purposes this wonderful power	f<>r we are told that the Fijians Lakes Nyassa and Tanganyika
has been put doe. history not tell? 5ai“y in t'hTdr^'in^'of ’ the'hair.’'thé "f hl" mi,'acl,s a wh,le agu Canova, when carving his statue of heads of hair of these ladies being considerable advantage to tbe whites, Venus, had no fewer than sixty wo- often more than 3 feet in circumfer- and this is how it happens that Capt. m n to sit as models, and Zeuxis, for '"*?•, .1h S [?,'! r,marks l,ea“ty Boileau, who crossed the Nyassa-Tan-
his portrait of Helen, conceived his pic- human nature‘is Cery*niucli’the same *a“y,ki* as a	of tbe A,‘glu"
lure fr<Min the heads of five different f h 1 wide world over—savage and civil- German Hound a: y ( ommisbion a ml is maidens; while, to hark back to the ized.	a civil engineer by profession, thought
mythological ages, we all know the	—	d worth while to tell some things
perplexity in which poor Paris was	A CAPRICIOUS MONARCH	ubout ,he b,ack WODf,er-
placed when he had Lo decide amongst	_
the rival claimants, and the (lire con- Me Wm iiribed b> lopinr-» to Pone for
HI*. Pori rail.
ORIGINAL THEORIES AND METHODS
OF EASING PAIN. *
HOW THE FETICH MAN IN AFRICA PERFORMS WONDERS.
iinong
3
»
Chlnete Melleve In Powdered deem and Tiger Hmi-Kimlmi PfMunnt» Tre.il lever wed Agee Wlih toepowdee nnd «old Uni ha.
There are time* when even the must healthful of mon get the blues, and wonder w Let her anything is worth the trouble after all. It may be, when the •utn is all added up, that a man has not much to be thankful for ns the positive way ; but when we consider the lot of many people in the world hood
ileniroyed nn Aray of l#oen»l* end Float u HIearnbont
4«bore Mr Wat n I eniilny; Old II*n
nil Irk Mad «.one
ed
>f these bright fellows ore fetich doc
tors curing disease by their incantations, selling charms that bring to pass all manner of things desired by their customers, and for a large consolera-
supposed antipathies of the
1. For instance, Sister No. 1
war to which the young fighters are
marching
Great is their renown
But
to be congratulated upon. If there is relatives can borrow or otherwise gum •ny time at which he should be perul- poeaeseion of. The exorcism of Sinter
Urly complacent it is when he ie oblig- ^aiatTnJ it*"Vf'*'.Tf '""lo«in^'’The lever
ed tn put himself under a doctor s care.	,NlljeiU	w;,ji a	KM.ruiiar form	of	nleo-
3 he ways of the picturesqur savage,	hoi. Another	sister objects	to	cold,
11	”“"T rfi-Æï!	w.
human ailment, are truly wonderful, whj|<i y#l, ,muthpr (.an olllv be shifted tfrcm Italy, and her hands and com and although the heathen makes aeon-	by the	patient	swallowing a	large plexi(m fr,,m England — then, indeed, .,|jk
giolll physician, it g»os ill with civ-	dose of	gunpowiUr.
ilized insides in need of the familiar tonics to be obliged to swallow a dried cent ipede or a powdered rattlesnake tooth.
LETTING OUT THE TAIN.
pounded rose leaves and butter, permitted no outdoor exercise what-
sed when the medicine fails to work
jn I for they have plenty of plausible ex uses to relieve them from all respon
It has lieen said that a perfect beauty
An old native at Karunga, on the northwest coast of Lake Nyas.sa, has
enjoyed for some years a great repu-
He has a
great deal of shrewdness and nn doubtedly much more knowledge than
ONLY ONE MAN IN THE WORLD.
Lucian
to get down in detail
Even iI
Mm.lHr H|m « uImII«mi h* le VI knl limy "r Ilir P*|r of Thai I.nil line.
Astronomers tell us that the dny must come when the earth will, like the moon, wheel through the heavens a dead and barren ball of matter — airless, waterless, lifeless long before that time man will he extinct, will have disappeared so utterly that not ho much as the blenched skeleton of a human being will be visible-on all the millions of square miles of the surface of this planet.
Unless by some huge and universal cataclysm the whole race is swept at once into eternity, it is but reasonable
to .uppok that mao like "»y	.^u.ncea which resulted from
s.rvnge», part of the tiger is b,» maa-	equally there will be buta g0,den	be*“« ^	as
eive back lx,ne. Hence. ,i only a small	hum#n |lrjng ,fU _ wme V enus-dire for the Trojans, but pleas-
he |	beard-	i is
patient, in the form of a powder or !	. left to wander alone in a soli- da*v8, we	Cowley re- laborious attempts to paint the por- , of jocusls which were eating up the
^ -r.uZhn.w,wf»,..,wape. Zrt^L^zz
Even this simple train of reasoning described.	Who dost in every country change thy dethroned potentate has the gte.ius	=.	ini/
must however, go down before the	jlow will he die, this last relic of the	ghape	objection to artists in general, and	n	>•»>	ha. the	spirits were g mg	^
rough-and-ready methods of the ^outh	tevming millions that once transform-	U re	black’ there brown,	here tawny,	in particular deemed it a piece of gross |	to	use h	m in destroying	the pests and , '
ing to work its way through ihe flesh,	thing? There are many fates that may	type	of beauty is	to be found in thick	*ith innumerable gifts of cigarettes,
The remedy is simplicity itself; it con-	Mall him He muy g0 ma<| with the	l»ps,	a spreading	none and	woolly hair,	matches, and coppers into giving the |	what	to	do to save	their	growing food
KL-rsvsrs r	r;? -v“-~ szrsxszzz
Should, however, the pain proceed bo eaten by the vast reptiles or giant eyes of the almond shape and lips which mouth a* a precaution against pick- there for a long time So he set out	bad uu commercial value.
^e employment	of	any	anaesthe-	more	dreadful.	Scientists	say that m*n in the world, that is, according to	rack*,’'	and graciously consented	to	seen again for several days, and when	higii lemperalure, wrought .run tub s
Should the unfortunate patient be	b tjaii œal an(1 Umber we are Western notions—the straight nose is sit. The unfortunate artist s d.Ilicuf- he reappeared at the village he pro- uf luch bore and 4 inches thick he-
stss	•*>» - *w	,"^r^J:L,STtebT,.,b.",..ûjS	a £ £ir;iï ctr
the practice obtaining with most of loose into the atmosphere au ever in- from Tartary, and there flat noses, feature® being drawn upn the < an- tjves< tel|ing lheto lo mix j, wilh wa. made uf tbti probable conditions under the African tribes, among whom ( he i » reusing volume of carbonic acid gas. tawny skins and eyes 3 inches apart i vaw, be was sudden.y taken Wl* 1 1er and sprinkle it over their fields, which diamonds are formed by nature, insane are generally regarded in the Much of this is taken, up by plants, are Considered th * correct thing. Tru-1 b.itthful fit that lasted on an» o	|finstructions were carefully ful- In the famous Kimberley muns of
light of inspired prophets, whose per- hut not all. It must increase and evi- jy did \ oltaire say, “Ask a toad what weeka. He used every now an»	filled, and the next thing that occur- South Africa diamonds are found in the
must	be	held	sacred	at	all	costs,	dently poison	the	breathable air,	is beauty, the supremely beautiful, and	i to bide	Ins countenance benva	red was very gratifying. The locus's	neighborhood ol volcanic pipes, through
figures of those they wished to in	aie striving for existence. 1 he	last	brown back! ' 'lhus different nations	îably to be given up for the clay.	Al	C’apt. Boileau does	not suggest.what	irun From these circumstan es the tbe-
jure, and to pierce these baumes* el	man will climb lug he i and higher,	hut	swk f(>r varying ideals, and consequent-	other times the fallen, but still	cap-	p|aimible, that	the old man may	ury has been advanced that diamonds
ngies with needles in whatevei <Ui vt-	eventually the suffocating invisible	ly while Northern gallants pine for a	riions monster used serious,y	to	have discovered that his powder would	were formed from carbon liquefied by
lion they wished the subject of their	flood will reach and drown him.	bride of lilliputian stature, those in	disturb the painters work bv spunk-	kj|| (be i(,CU8,s and	lo make H nHmo	enormous neat and pressure and dis-
«1*11» to experience especial i neon yen-	Again, it is said that the, earth as u	palagonia 8p;.ud their days and nights	ling	him and his canvas with water	for b mself astonished the natives ny	s,,|ved in iron,	from which they crye-
ience. A curious edition of tins idea	get® older is cracking like diy mud	in 8ighiDg and searching for a help- .	At	last, however, M de la Neziete	adding a supernatural element which	tallized out in	cooling. By calculation
exists to the present day among the these cracks will increase untit at last meet of Brobdingnagian proportions.1 succeeded in getting a few bke ‘ hf® was the fraudulent part uf his pro- it was found that this would require a Dakota Indians. A model of the sick they will let the fiery centre of the o hers, again, think the perfection of of tiamory, which he has bioughi t.€<,ding The Captain seems to think temperature of about 4000 degrees mans disease is fashioned from soft they will let the waters of beauty is obtained when the face is back with him, and from which he tbal lb<? miracle worker was merely ticrade 7_'3J degrees Fahrenheit, wood and placed in a pool uf water, j the ocean an<l rivers sink into bedecked with some half dozen or more intends painting a finished portrait *d favored by the appearance among the a nressure of fifteen The bulks of the pools are then Im-, the fiery centre of the g|uhe- ! scars, and so slash the faces of newly- th" dethroned King.	insects, of a disease at the very time 1(lN; . T(l TH$. suLARE |\t H
ed by sympathetic “braves,” who vie. Then will occur an explosion burn infants.	_________ his juggling was going on. What- /	k i 1., ’of
with each other in their efforts tonh( ot t>o terrible as may startle the înhu n- A negro of Guinea pines, for a love	im.'tongED	ever it was. the result was all right. Ailing upon this hin ., * v -	*,	,
the offending model to pieces. Mmul-tuuts of neighboring worlds I he last	wilh a grea9y black skin, hollow eyes,	\> HERE HE BELONG EG.	The p|ague was abated and the mir-	1 ar,8« ^^ntly	packed hah a pound t
with the disappearance of	man in this case will probably be some	thick lips and a flat nose, through u	may seem a novel idea that aman	ar.le worker had the credit of bring-	l,ure iro° in a fcrr,I>hue crucinie,
which a lump of gold is, passed; while	0wea his	being to the place where	he	jng this blessing to pass.	get her with some pure < 1IIM,‘ lH
to judge from the works of the great	happens	to have made his growth	as	THE WHITE MEN	pared from sugar, lie Place	"
reaching any definite idea as to the	as iewels Som- other process must he
next proceeding. Just then the old discovered whereby carbon and worker of miracles came sauntering	can be subjected to enormous heat and
down to the beach and said he had	Dre.sure before we can hope to produce
something to tell the white man.	diamonds on a commercial scale. In
lile went on that if they would let	(hi „<mnection Prof. Crookes has sug-
h.m try he was sure be could save the , d t0 the Royal Institution that steamtroat He declined to tell what * their ,vsrarch,s on the gases from be would do. but sa d be would not f. , gunpowder and cordite Sir Fred-harm the vessel in any way, as the . . . ^be*, gnd sir Andrew Noble c,b-wh,tes would see, for they might look ;	, in clo8ed steel cylinders pres-
on while be was engaged in the work	as re;lt as ninety.five tons to
of salvation. The white men laugh- ,	ar« ineh_ and temperatures as
ingly told him to go ahead if he high a‘s 4(XW degrees centigrade. Here, thought he could do any good and he b* j( ,he observation, are correct, at once stepped briskly about his bust- ^ve suffiri,nt temperature and
bad to, if the miracle was , enough ,,ressure to liquefy carb n and
if the temperature could only be al.	.«. ,	.	. .	.	, lowed to act for a sufficient time on
is no twilight in that tropical re- |heecarbon there is little doubt that
the artificial formation of diamcnle would soon pass from the microscopic stale to a scale more likely to satisfy the requirements of science, industry under his arm. At his request a boat | and personal decoration/*
“Diamonds made hy dynnmite * would be a queer sign on a jeweler's window, but queer things are bound to happen in all age of electric furnaces on the hand and liquefied hydrogen
ed honor for their beauty than for all
oth-'r virtues besides/' while Tasso has
MANUFACTUEING DIAMONDS.
The identical feeling of weakness, which we term " that tired feeling, if a characteristic complaint of the heathen Chinee. His remedy is equally characteristic. The patient bas lost strength; therefore strength must be brought to him from elsewhere. Consequently, he is forced to swallow a pill made of powdered tiger bones, after which it is considered that any further refusal to gel well must he primarily due to his own obstinacy.
The connection is as clear as crys-
Home Kx p-rl Mir ii IIbk with lier *' wlilinr* ' h> a ii ! ii g II* li ( hroiM.
Counterfeit diamonds aie made of crystal, zircon or paste. But » an real diamonds be manufactured f Recent
One was of
Hut long.
discoveries would lead us to believe that the problem is not insoluble
Artificial rubies, sapphires and spinels are made which have the same properties as uatujal specimens. Spinel, for example, is composed of alumina, magnesia and iron. By combining these elements in the proper proportion and crystallizing them a chemist can produce a real gem. indistinguishable from the natural one.
Some years ago an English chemist named If mnay discovered that w hen a eat bon compound is heated under great
HIS FIRST ATTEMPT
He
tal to the Celestial, at any rate sees that the strongest living thing kQowu to him is the tiger, and the
at working a miracle was a great success and made him famous in a day. Some six years ago the people far and wide around the north end of Lake 1,1 Nyassa were afflicted with a plague
the
M. de la Neziere, who is just back
has
from the west coast of Africa
been spending some months
To return to our own
pressure with an alkali metal caibon ~ deposited in the form of hard scales. After heating lithium with a mixture of nine-tenths hone-oil and one-tenth paraffine spirits in a closed non tube
for fourteen hours some hard truns-
the
save the crops, and after he had retired from public view for a few days he would be able to tell tbe people
parent crystals weie fourni tube, which bad all the them cal and
n d

tic
HODS

;
\
cen-
and


tuneousij	_.—	i
the model the original pain is sup- Arctic explorer or Eskimo, whom the piwed to vanish. At any rate, all that vast plains of ice around will save in left of it after this drastic proceed- from instant death and leave to grill a ing is believed to exist only in the few m monts till the ice continents ate imagination of the victim, a pleasant swallowed by redhot gases and steam little fallacy that must be exceedingly Suppose these earth cracks develop comforting to a man with a raging more slowly, they must suck away the toothache or a gouty toe	water without devastating explosions.
Another curious, but certain'y effec- Then the last man's fate will be the live cure is that used by the Lips and worst deecribable. He will die of thirst.
Finns for rheumatic affections Hav- The scene of his death will probably ing caught a whale,	they dig an open-	be the great valley in	the bed of the
mg in his side and	immerse the suf-	Atlantic Ocean off the	Brazilian coast,
ferer up to his neck in the warm blub- half way between Kio Janeiro and the ber. The oil thus absorbed into the cape where now six miles of green wa-
system is said not only to counteract ter lit between the steamer's keel and be generally known that the Order of the acidity of the blood, but to actu- the a by asm *1 slime beneath. There, th_, Golden Fleece was instituted by ally replace the missing lubricant in hopelessly digging in the ever-drying the Duke of Burgundy in honor of a the patient's joints. Be that as it may, mud, he must perish and leave his young lady who was endowed with the cure is certainly an accomplished bones to parch on a waterless planet, golden hairHH^HZMl*) fact, not the least curious side of which The Antarctic polar ice cap has been celebrated historian has well remark-lays’ in its extreme simplicity.	growing	thicker and heavier for un- the beauty of woman has settled
INFALLIBLE CHINESE REMEDY. counted ages. The distance from the and unsettled the affairs of empires It Is from the Chinese that we prac- South Pole to the edge of this ice cap and the fate of republics, when diplo-tieally borrowed that system of dis- is 1,4(10 miles. The ice rises steadily mac y and the sword have proved pensa ries to which the poor man looks from the edge to the centre. At that futile; and equally certain is it also for his succor in time of sickness. Here centre it cannot be less than twelve; that so long as mankind is susceptible in this country the richer people may , miles in thickness — twice as thick ae j and human passion exists it will so pay the doctor only when they con-, Mount Everest is high. Suppose it I remain.
Ault him in case of sickness, whilst splits. Imagine the gigantic mass of Coming now to vanity, this, in so far the poor man pays	so much a week	water and ice that will	come sweeping	as	it	was	confined	to	a	beautification
whilst in health for	free medical at-	up north over the oceans snd contin-,of	the	human	form	divine,	has	ever,
tendance when he falls ill. It is thejente of the earth. Where, then, will to a greater or leaser extent, formed a same in China. There, however, every- the last man breathe his final gasp? quality in the composition of human-body from the highest in the land High up in the snows of some great ity, more particularly where the fair down to the poorest collie pays the range he will perish miserably of cold sex is concerned; and a few remarks doctor a fixed salary so long as the and starvation, looking down on a i upon the methods of personal adorn-pntient is well. As soon as his health hugh shallow sea beneath whose toss- m nt pursued by various peoples—sav-fails the salary is stopped until the ing waters will lie the whole of the age and civilized — will serve doctor has set him right again—«a com- race#* of the world.	! pendant to the above remarks on
mon-sense practice that might with ad- Or last, and perhaps dreariest fate of beauty. The wearing of personal or-I convert a
nt a ere be extended to our own deal-jail, the human race may outlive other ; naments— thus showing that vanity is veritable horror.
- ' 8 with the faculty.	mammals and last until the sun, as inherent—has ever been followed by , A man may be in the wrong a thous-
1 That the imtient ever does get well some day it must, grows dull and cold'some of the most savage tribes of the and times, but he seldom, if ever, says after a course of native doctoring will an<* vegetation dies from the chilled ; earth, the practice being almost co- “forgive me."
Dfobably be a matter of considerable earth. The miserable remnant of existent wuth the very lowest stages There are none in the world ready surprise when the wonderful nature earth's people must then slowly die out1 of human development, rings for the to confess that their influence by any / iomp 0f the remedies is examined, after ages of an existence to which that ears, nose and lips being the most possibility could be bad.
Here for instance, is an infallible of the Eskimo of to-day is a paradise. usual forms which this ornamentation The tinkle of the ice in the pitcher
Ssr.Y5H.*iSi.'f «ho send, tbb bills in,	' jsüs: g,-j-rrs
from diseases, such scarlet fever, Mr New.Wed- trying to be bright- c°“ntrlFa havc	neVFr had ““
SSs£S=sl$s	iraS35S »
E'1 aSSS jaa. s- - !	ssns -suw=-................-
A man	. ..man'.	h!" aurtenlar'pMtor.tU.B, ‘ 'tN«‘àmàn A worn», may all wrt. of un-
with gold leaf and swallowed. Beside truth about them.	Into It a plug uf wood, so that when one els# say them.
noo
Certain it is as a
Then how do you come to be mostly a native of the parish?
Weel, ye see, when I cam* here, sax year syne, I just weighed eight stane, an’ I’m fully seventeen stane noo; sae ab iot nine stane o' me belongs
iron
ye see
to this parish, an* I maun be roaistly a native o’t.
TRITE SAYINGS
The bitterest troubles generally arise from the most trivial incidents.
The character of a family can pretty easily be read from the weekly wash.
Nothing is so exasperating as the of misfortune that was all our
!


He
ness
to be performed by daylight, for the sun was only an hour high and there
1
memory a I own fault.
The. smudge from a black glove can
beautiful woman into a
as
gion
Ip to the village he hastened and soon reappeared with
A WHITE HEN
4##
took him and his ben out to the stranded vessel, and he climbed
tbe	the deckflHflHBIHIH
the. hen aloft, recited a few prayers and tossed the fowl into the lake, where she was drow ned ceedings essential to save the vessel bad been completed falling as the old man reached ih* shore. He told the white men the problem had been solved. They need try no new plan. All they need to do was to give another pull at the vessel next morning and she would come off without any difficulty. Sure enough, next day the steamer was floated, and required only a little pulling to get ber o'* of «be sand into clear water. %
helS
Then he
one in the other
The pro-

Darkness was

NO MORE SENTIMENT LEFT.
The wife—My husband has ceased to love me.
The maid—How do you know!
The wife—It is impossible for me to make him miserable any more.


Frills axe so fashionable that a wo-j man can be forgiven if her temper I gets ruffled at

L.

A
###PAGE###4###
Pontiac
Woollen
Public Notice.
, Mr btsir » isit»*y euueiuy iimkjiuiivu». __ _
THE EQUITY.	ESÏÏtfi“ PlCtllC
___________________________ lira under this head, furnishes another
SHAWVIUE. AUG. 3. 1899.'	~ *SS.*W
__ pmfeasi» ni so vigorously enunciated when
in opposition.
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE
:
Pnivlmf ' f <Juehe<.
MuiiK	of Slinv
IMI.II, Null. .' I- hereby given that the
¦ llÊsEêle
,VJir,| f,'„ examination mid hoiiiolngtitl«m
Mb,- regular «-Ion -f tin; «' •<«•<•» to !„• . .i,|	7 „f II,,' , l.i, I. in the afternoon of
the -eventli 'lay of Xllgih-t. <",e liundi. il and nlmdÿ nine.
•	.1. |{. IIOHNKR
# # # ftw • • •
Otter Lake.
EDITORIAL NOTES
A grand Picnic w ill tp near 15 il mow’* Depot on
held in the Cïrov
MANITOBA POLITICS
Toe Cxrleton Place Central Canadian
has been touring out what the Liur Hon Hugh John McDonald Opens Govern meats contemplated expend!
Thursday ^ug. 10th.
We have just the kind of Furniture that every person wants,
and at prices to suit all.
man
Mniulitv
the Campaign
ml
1er
I»
Mills
lure for the year 1899-1900 means to th* people of Canada. Here are the ligures : $l.OMO%OUO a week ;	a diy ;
Tira*
Dinner will be wrvf'i commencing at 1 o'clock.
Winnipeg. Man., July 26.—Hugh John McDonald, Opposition leader, opened the Manitoba election campaign at Minne- . dosa last right. In the course of his | speech. Mr. McDonald stated that he took straight issue with the Liberals. He held ]
himself free to attack the	{{j* Come and have a gOCd
reason he was present and also because	Old ti016.
an elec :i was now in ai. On this occasion the Government would be forced to apical to the people on their policy.
The question of disallowance is now set tied and a dead issue. Mr. tireenway and Sir Wilfrid Laurier had it in their power to dispose of the school quest 1 a political ts-ue. They have settled it.
The settlement arrived at was not one which he would have made, because he considered it senseless and not satisfying
However, he was willing to settlement, and allow that
i program of amutt m* n' *. Dancing Platform*.
Admi*
«
ft Hit
Village Lot for Sale.
iiQOan hour; $2<& per minute
1* U MIA
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
N. V.. «
f Iluffal
Frank B. Baird
tt,. on ('«wit Street i In in I fiO feet
lot, sitU
f Shuv> \ ill*'
lim li et lu depth. xv ill l»«*	I'I
v terms mill g**<>d title given.
KDNirNI) .1. LANG, or t<. II. IANG.
W.
and Mtct
extensively en gag
re. predicts that the bounty
r»»i
I i t»!
î
I
manufset
two dollars a t^n on pig iron. which tin <ioverniuent <*f Canada have decided t
ua
H !
Xt»|dy tou
Shawville
f Bankrupting
lull -•'»
n i
give this conntrv
Come and be Convinced.....
Trespass Notice.
TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
n as

J.*e Martin, having resigned his posi
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
tun in the B. C. Government, on account of the feeling that has arisen against him ing the other member*' of the Vahinet, Mill h* »lds his seat in the Legislature, and intend^ making it particularly hot for all and sundry who have Wen seeking to
Fight*
is to have the fight of his life.
I I.v for!*i'l nil) |h«i v.n or |mtsoii* *tni"iiig in any manner on or travelling ni ios'iny property. I»vlng Lots \os. > ami Pin the U h range of the town-diin of Thorne, ns tiny one found "<> doing
ifter this date will he prosecuted accord*
*
am
to any one.
as aVMHH	,	.
matter to remain as it is, though if their
opponents choose to drag the question , forward again he would be willing to. meet them Otherwise he wia prepared to allow this question to be a dead issue.
The boast had Wen made by at has* three members vf the Gteenway Government that they had been returi e 1 by Corner- Expresses, cative votes. That boast would not he made again. Those men wtre a;ain Uck 1 arriv.Lx i i the {«arty ranks. The next election they would have the Government face to face with the electors on their policy. |
What could the Government show when I they esme before the electors He ad- j mired the speech of the Provincial Treas* | urer in delivering his last budget. The hon gentleman had shown a skill in handling his case on which he ccropitted hi The speaker then criticized the G verunient on its financial policy, j Corn Shlller< at some length. He clan that when
the last Conservative Government retired from cttice there was no honied indebted -Now there was a bonded liability 5(.<i istO, The present ad endeavored to account for
from t
Depot.
Undertakers and Embalmers.
iiig to law Thorne. July -«'Hi. Is-^
o
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
mpli'hhis political downfall
ÏOHN NOLAN

Farm Mjh winery ( ill kind*,)
W AM.O.XS,
ing J«t;
Valuable Property
-o
X Full Line of
A strong resolution, expressive of regret at the mannei in which the subjects of Great Britain are being oppressed in the Transvaal, and in 'Vmjiathy with the efforts that are being put forth by the Imperial Government to have the grievances complained of removed, was moved in the House of l - mimons on Monday morning by Sir Wilfrid Laurier and seconded by the Hon. Ge«>rge E. Foster. The resolution was carried by the whole House rising and singing “ God Save the <Vueen.*'
UNDERTAKERS’ SUPPLIES
Always In Stock a large and well aaaorted Range
XIways kept in 'tot k
Valuable Farm Properly for sale.being the •s K 11 <11 of the N. K. Half of Lot No. 7 on cruiiun I the Fourth Rang** of riarendon. containing OtWINu mix arrei-, more or leas, all cleared, In an ex-
yg« SSKSHSSSS
For further pHrtlculare apply to
___	I	KKV. E.8. MOltRlhON,
sthkwx llle, Que.
M.inx
or
• • •
t AKT>
0f[ CANS
pianos
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufactories.
Sew in., M.v him>.
Wa'HIN'. M V HINES Wringers,
C'hvrns.
ALP. HOWARD,
or H.MATI1KSON
V.KNT FOR T1U
Mr %w < ! nr.R'
ELEBHATED
uAch 0R4 p^nos, TO WHOM it
MAY CONCERN:
Wheelbarrow*
Everything required by th,e Farmer
m tin* line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be g-.'t here.
lit 'i
of some œioiâtfation it, but he took issue with then in that connection. He claimed there was nothing v> »h v hr this $2.500,000 cf bonded
indebtedness.
It was in keening with the accepted or der of things that in the Canadian Par lisaient, Mr. John Charlton should op pose the all-British Pacific cable scheme. Mr. Charlton in Canada has come, and with reason, to be regarded as the public man who looks after United States interests in the Dominion. His constituents of Norfolk seem to accept him in this character, which is in its way as peculiar a thing as that a Canadian M P., should be willing to assume it.
M A XI’FAC TV RED BY
The Conley Church ORGAN & PIANO CO.,


IT PAYS
Gentlemen :
OF MADOC, ONT.
Tu buv a article, and an in*pec- Theinstrument* for simplicity of con
k will show that we keep struct ion. strength, durability and vie It was a more than usually interesting - only t st	i est makers. - e of finish are admitted to De i d t*
debate, protw.icg to lead to m portait! 1	*	1 “T m t,ie markvt-
results, that Mr. Mulcck and Nr Charles Tapper took the chief part in on Tuesday in the H use cf Commons, and which ended in the adoption of the resolutions committing Canada to bear a share in the cost of constructing an all British Pacific cable. By the arrangements arrived at, mainly as an outcome of the inter imperial conferences held at Loudon and Like Champlain.
Ottawa, Canada and Great Britain are	------
gun a few months ago, when a Conserva-1 each to become responsible for five eigh CHAMBERLAIN ON THE BOER
• re was c *en as a member of that body ! teenths t r the cost of the w< ik, >\w
Zealand, Queensland, New South W ale*
and Victoria bearing the other eight-eighteenths. The cost is expected to be have established a record f-.-r | about one and a half millions sterling, or
$7,5**>,U0o. Power is taken to issue bonds for £1,700,000, or 88,500,COM.
Canada a share of this would be about
two and a quarter millions; but it is uu- I London, July 29 —In the House of likely that tne treasury wi l be called on Commons yesterday the colonial office to assure the payment of any *och sum, j vote furnished the Libérais wrh an oppor-or the interest thereon. Those who are
The Pacific Cable
mht out the Tailoring Frame, I Iwg
I
Mi. t
tnai i»I
I
riv^
They have been selected with a view to
¦ that i ni pn pan i and it ion to give every >at isfnction | supplying people with the class cf good*
w Iio nun entni't me with
leavet in a pi
Prices that will sell.
If you want a first class Instrument buy the Conley Church.

they require, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when examined.
to

an or.lei
A. SMILEY. Tfje CONLEY CHURCH and HAY^OND My
------------ SEWING MACHINES
Motto :
Evidences are in sight to indicate that L be radis:n as they have it in Prince Edward Island is weakening. A recent election to the Legislature there is in consonance with the turn in events be-
to liii'ine». No o patron'.
A. HODGINS
Coteau rapids and thence in and through
and am prepared to supply the same in irity of style> and at prices to suit all.
Your orders respectfully solicited.
SHAW VILLE
5
My Determination :
i v
PROPRIETOR.
To turn out a chi's of work that will I tear suwe»ful comparison with the very U*'t ; a class of work that l»y it- stylish and fash ionaMe appearance, will draw the attention uf everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
PORTAGE DU FORT
TROUBLE
VLF. HOWARD
instead of a Government supporter. Liberals in P. E Island, as elsewhere in the
Important Statement in Imperial Commons. Will Peg Away Until There is Satisfactory Conclusion.
ROLLER MILL
THE HULL ELECTE1C CO
country
piling up the debt and increasing the expenditure, aid the people are awaken ing to the fact that a change cf rulers would be healthy.
Cars run at intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes in tbe after I Leave yOUT MeaSUf© n©Xt.
noon, dally, Sundays included.
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF

J. W. CQIV|BA, tailor.
tunity for a debate upon the govern-in a position to speak with authority ca,- ment!s policy in the Transvaal. H Camp
culate that within a brief peried after gc- bell-Baunermau, the Liberal leader, said mg into operation, the lines will pay both thought that in view of negotiations the cost ot maintenance and working and pending reticence and reserve must rule interest on the outlay in putting them debate. While he did nut sympathize down, which is to be provided for by an wjth Ruer Opposition to franchise exten-.	, issue of bonds by the board of eight com* ejuD he saw nothing from the beginning
to the demands for expenditure made ^isaioners, w ho are to direct the enter- t0 the end of the story to justify armed
upon his administration as feeling “ like prise, and of which Canada will name two. intervention. War in South Africa with the besieged, lying on my arms night and In some ways Australia a interest in the one 0f the states would be one of the
day ” guarding the treasury. With over scheme is the greatest, aa securing for direst calamities possible. The speaker aay,	*	>	.	,	, the various colonies a competition in rates pieâded for further friendly and prudent
fi.ty-one mil.ions a year pouring ou. o. and a netv and much cheaper connection action through Dutch sympathizers at the the breaks, in the treasury, it is plain with the American continent. The çape tie saw no reason why this should that nobody in the Laurier-TarteiSifton growth in the trade of Canada with » hat not achieve conspicuous success, as a aim-
Blair cabinet is losing sleep in doing the it is expected will moon be the new Cum-, ^ course had dont in Canada in time u	,	* .	. ,	monwealth, which was referred to in the
One of Mackenzie s mis
44 The mistakes of Mackenz e,
Close connections are mad* with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
were
First class Flour
among the things the Laurier Government was warned against early in its car by some of its practical friends. The
to have been heeded.
?
• (McArthur's ' uilding. Main StA
W. R. TAYLOR.
reer
V Call Solicited
See.-Treas
warning seems Mackenzie described i. self, in regard
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor
Sir Wilfrid Laurier has expressed himself as opposed to an increase in his salary as premier, unless the salaries of the other ministers are also raised.
Berlin, July 29. —The Voewaerts gives the conference a parting shot, calling it a comedy. “The hardest work of the members
refrain from laughing in each other's faces at their own insincerity."
Judicious
Advertising
The Celebrated . • .
c 4,
9 9
NORTH WEST
tlas proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
this journal says, “ was t
past
sentinel ac* takes has been avoided. —Montreal Gaz
debate, will increase Canada a commer |e The secretary of state for the colonies, cial interest, however, and it may i.ot be	Chamberlain opened his speech in
long before the venture is justified on ri>p]y Ly declaring that 8ir H. Campbell-busineas as it cow is on imperial grounds. BâtitierurnuB language was calculated to It is a new departure, the outcome of a embarrass the action of the govern new development of the imperial spirit, that motherland and colonies should
INCREASES BUSINESS EVERY MONTH IN THE YEAR.
Parliament will prorogue this week. This was agreed upon by the Premier
ette.
and Sir Charles Tupner (who leaves for England shortly)on Friday morning last. The Senate reform bill and a measure relating to the Criminal Code, are to stand over till next session.
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to aay that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
The Conservatives in the House last week made an unsuccessful attempt to have Preston of “ machine
ment.
The grievances of the I nlanders, Mr. unite in such a work on such grounds. Chamberlain said, wrre admitted on all It gives enthusiasts promise of further hands to be serious; but the most serious
co-operation in other matters leading up	waa that the outrageous treatment to Great Britain has declined to admit the
to accomplishments that by many are	yet	which they were subjected was part of the	United States cruiser	Frolic to enter the
counted in the realm	cf	dreams.	Mon*	ge^je(j policy pursued by the Boers. The	great lakes for use by	the Illinois naval
treal Gazette.	situation was dangerous to Imperial inter-	militia as a training	vessel, the United
eats as regards the racing feud coming out of	States having already	upon the lakes the „	,
race antagonism already existed and complement of such vessels,—namely two IflBrChâMlS poisoning the community. The —allowed either country by treaty.	*	*
and^the°Orangê*Freet State* was**entirely The Sentinel. Toronto, the official or-	MeChafliCS,
due to tbe action of the Transvaal. It gan of the Orange Association, has com-	J
question of a fiveoraeven year. l>l«ted twenty-five years continuous pub-	__ I
franchise, but of the power and authority lication, and in honor of the event issued	I ^0680160 1
of the empire and of the position of Great <m the L,th July a special edition of six-	B T BT.ACK arFNT
Britain in South Africa.	teenies. Eight pages are printed on profit by the experience	J* •»*“*«*> AC ENT,
fur the proposed ship canal from the Referring to offers of colonial help, Mr. beautiful toned paper, and are full of tl-	&	m-mw a mmi 1TTMJ
Sxïtïi—^ r “ "" '
fame, and
who holds an immigration agency at $•3,000a year, dismissed from the public on the grounds of his gross pai-
UIÊÊÊKÊÊIKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÉÊÊÊMtlm
service,
tissnship and election trickety friends ot “ pure
in the House could not think of evincing U. S. SHIP CANAL SCHEME such base ingratitude toward the who had engineered things so successfully in their behalf, as their consent to the
involve. And then
Liberal Government
Other Styles.
war,

was
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, ao that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
man
A Projected Waterway that Would Compete With Georgian Bay Canal.
was not a
proposal would	____
there wa. to be considered the lurking I	N. \\7uly 2C. -Engineer
danger that Preston, if * -kvd out, might | Qeo< \y Rafter, in charge of the survey seek for revenge upon the ingrates
f
FOR SALE OR TO RENT
and make
your business known to the public through
AT
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE,,
PROPERTY LATELY OCCUPIED BY
H. Newham,
The Equity
Consisting of one acre of land on which is built :
Building 2Gx3ti with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building 2CxG0 (2 stories) used ¦tore-house.
whose circulation
is steady,
well established, and reaches
the people who buy
every week.
as a
Change for our Money
There ia also erected on property
kitchen, woodshed and
Canada is to spvnd $55,000,000 this 7. That is a lot of money, and it ought to do a lot of work. The Toronto Globe claims that the Liberals have
General Ulysses Heareux, President of changed the face of the country in three
San Domingo Republic, was assassinated years, and we are willing to admit that
Thursday last. The murderer escap- they are adding enough to change thv J	face of alm<«t anything.
a summer house.
g lT Conveniently situated for a Store.
year
General
A President Assassinated,
For particulars apply to
W. W. IRELAND or, J. H. SHAW,
on
Bhftwvllle, Que
ed.



V




	
###PAGE###5###

SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
Church Difficulty at Beachburg
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SI^ITH, Proprietor.
THE EQUITY,
S
G. F. HOGGINS’
Mid-Summer Sale !
Toronto, July 27.—The Mattawa cor respondent of the News says :	It is re
rte<l here that on Sunday evening last
Beachouro, who has charge of the new stone English church, Westmeath, on reaching his church, found the doors and windows securely locked and fastened, thus preventing his entry into the building. Seiz:ng a stick of scantling he vainly pounded on the doors, and after having exhausted his efforts he secured a crowbar and having smash*d the door# he obtained entrance into the sacred ed.tice. Hie congregation consisted of one lady.
The circumstances leading to this action on the part of the clergyman originated in his refusal to allow the funeral sei vices to be held in the church over the body of the late William Bromley early this year, as the friends of the deceased did not produce a burial certificate. Since that time the members of the congregation gradually ceased attending, and last Sunday the sexton was instructed by the church wardens not to open the church nor allow the clergyman to have the key.
Excitement has been aroused in the village and a meeting has been called to consider the line of action to bo taken in regard to the minister a act on, which is considered by the community to be an outrage on the new church.
Mr. Peek, it is said, had a somewhat similar experience at Smith’s Falls, mg been locked out of his church in that town last year.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PU 11 LIS 11 RD KVEHY THURSDAY
at HHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
port
Uov
Mr. Feck, of
The spot spot for
CHOICE Fit ESI! AND CUBED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
A I* ash ion a hi.k Hath Cvt,
Hood Shampoo, ok A Clkan Sham:.
are
UT Your Turn next
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legs I advertising, eight rents per line for first insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first insertion and three cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial for longer which will
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to be laundrled forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
Encouraged by the continued remarkable success of these sales, we will offer still . . stronger inducements for August . .
J. G. McGUIRE.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
AN U F ACT UR 1NO ST AT ION E R8, BOO K 8 F L 1er*, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f die Ottawa Auxiliary liihleSoclety,Ottawa,Ont,
M
advertising by the month or periods inserted at low rates, be given on application

00
J
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUBLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
Will he In Shawvllli* from Tuesday August 1st, to Saturday, August 5th.
All Summer Goods must be Cleared Out !
(
NOTARY FOR THE
and

JEWELLER
JOB PRINTING
m
August Snaps
BARGAINS IN
KEEPS
A MEI.K'T -«To< K Of
watches,
t'l.OCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order# by mall promptly attended to.
A
DISTRICT NEWS.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
Mr. John Carmichael, one of the pioneer settlers of McXab township, died last week at the age of 77 years.
Mr. Robeit Gordon, of Westmeath, served in the Kentucky infantry during the American Civil war. The pension department at Washington has at last recognized his services, and will give him two years' back pay and $10 per month during the remainder of his life.
A. T. Ringer, engineer for the 0. A. & F. S. train, which collided with another at Whitney, last week, and was the means of causing the death of fireman James A. Bull, has been adjudged guilty of manslaughter by the coroner's jury, who investigated the case.
Maj >r James E. Barker, late Ticket Agent for the Canadian Facitic Railway at Ottawa, died on Wednesday last, after a lingering illness. The deceased was a highly esteemed citizen, and anenthuaiaatic military man, and held the position of paymaster fur 45rd battalion. 11a was 44 years of age.
Three new classes have this year been added to the Central Canada Exhibition Association's premium list for horses. Two of these classes are especially for horse* owned by farmers—Carriage and Heavy Draugh\ The third is fur French Canadian horses. Secretary McMahon reports an unusually large number of entries for this year’s show, which opens on Sept. 11.
Bowmanville, Out., July 25.—Mrs. Goodwin, 25 years of age, wife of Albert B. Goodwin, manager of the Bowmanville Electric Light company, died in a dentist's Ulice today while under the influence of chloroform, which had been administered by the family physician to enable Mrs. Goodwin to have her teeth extracted
having to do with the case Mitchell, after making a full enquiry into the case, decided that an inquest was unnecessary.
Business Cards.
Rkvaikik
, hav
A fiPBt IA LIT V
MEDICAL.
SHAWVILLE, Q.
F. M.A. McHaughtoij, B.V.
Dress Goods,
Muslins, Hosiery, Blouses, Underwear, Mens Suits, Boys’ Suits.
Rev. Mr. Peek, in a letter to the Ottawa Journal of Monday, says he is grossly misrepresented in the above report, and then proceeds to describe what he says actually did take place in regard to the late Mr. Bromley s burial, and also the closing and opening of the church. Between his story and the report there seems to he a wide discrepancy.
Graduate of MiG ill University,' Will occupy the office of Dr. H. H. Knox
during his absence.
?
i i
i <
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
The Shawville
C t
i c
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M-,
FACTORY.
SASII and HOOK
i t
( <
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow l»y examination uf Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. H Akmhtronu’s House,
- - 8IIAWVILLE.
— ALL KINDS OF —
< (
C i
Six Millions for Railways.
Hon. Mr. Blair introduced him railway subsidy résolutions on Thursday last.
They total up the very large sum of $?>,-540,205, of which $4,41)3,175 arc new votes and $1,047,120 are re-votes.
The new subsidies cover 878 miles of railway at $3,200 per mile, and 140 miles of the Ontario and Rainy River railway
at $*>,400 per mile. 1 hen there are $1,- | -» m ttJTT T “DA "V* VHTT 0*)0,00<l fur the Quebec bridge, $201,425 A J. W IJ-lLi i A X X V U
for other bridges in Quebec, and $33,720 «pQ p|jp Q JJ^SE for bridges in Nova Scotia.
The re-votes cover 400 miles at $3,200 NOW per mile.
The following are the new subsidies to be voted :
Interior & Eiterior
Office and Residence :
MAIN STREET
M
( i
< (
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs i
LEGAL
i i
( C
l ;
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE. L L, L,

MANUKA* TV RED
DOORS, WASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRE8SED
LUMBER, &< . &r,
K- j't in Nt«x k and made to order.
LUMIIEK I>Ki>*EDAT PORULAKPKIVE8
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shawville every Monday
WILL VISIT
t
WM. GAMBLE,
McCIiEDIE & HOD GINS.
THE MOST CRITICAL INSPECTION
OF OUR STOCK OF FABRICS	far„ui,.d
IS ALWAYS INVITED, <__________________
BARRISTER, &c.,
Hill.
159 Main Street,
fesbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
G. F. Horigin»’ Store, Main St.
At
30
Hawkeabury to S -uth Indian, miles.
Sault Ste. Mario to Michipicoten Harbor, mam lire of C. P. It., 40 miles.
Branch line, from main line O. A. &
P. S. railway to Parry Sound town, five miles.
tialiburton via Whitney (O. A. & P.
S.) towards Mattawa, 20 miles.
Extension of Tilsonburg, Lake Erie and Pacific railway, from Tilaonburg or Woodstock, 28 miles.
Fort Francis, westerly, to mouth of Rainy River, 70 miles.
Canadian Northern, from the Winnipeg
„	...	.	.	.	Great Northern, north of	Swan River, to
Mr. Henry	1	hos. Shihley, barrister	of	princâ Albert, 100 miles.
Kingston, Ont., was fishing and shooting 0wen Sound to Meaford, 21 miles.
Salmon Like on Get 2t)th, 1848. Ottawa and Gatineau Railway company,
Something happened, and lie was never lhr0URh qu\\ clty, 4 miles.	,
again seen alive. 1 he lake was dragged	Edmonton, Yukon and	Pacific railway,	4*A
for ten days.	Supplies with which	he	from South Edmonton to	North EJmon- I V* V WW
had loaded his lxwt were found, but the t0nt thence westerly through Yellow Head body remained undiscovered until July 15, when farmers in the vicinity found it on the shore, unrecognizable, except by a key badge on the chain, and the initials H. T. S. on the shirt collai.

V. T* *.V «.T.V
T.V.V
Oil! e-over
COME IN AND SEE WHAT A WIDE VARIETY
WE HAVE.
J,
a «a» a
A
I
• ••
AUTUÏIl .Mcl’ONNELL.
lywmbeaHbawvlll<nratrbursdayofjacb
montU.
• ••
‘Stevens rifles
Dk
% are guaranteed to be
•: SAFE, SOLID,
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
No blame is attached to any
Coroner
G. F. HODGINS’
Departmental Store
me
I
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
- Hull,Que,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
business lu District ot Pontiac attend cd to.
ACCURATE,
230 Main St
r J From tlie
$6.00 •• Favorite” to our most expensive •• Ideal.”
Law
- 4
on

W. W. IRELAND,
The M IDEAL " Xo. 44 is a fine rifle. !J $0XE OF 0LR LEADERS, price only $10. * }
IJ We guarantee it in every respect. Noth-» 4
; ; ing cheap about it but the price.	, <
- 4 Made regularly In .22, .28 and .32 cal- ’ J * Ibre rlm-tlre, .28-20 HI EV K \8, .32-40,, < J.3H-58 and. 4 I-SO center-fire.	> «
IN SPECIAL SIZES, $12.00.	\ !
Send itair.p/or complete Catalog and	t
Hand Book.	T
Clerk of the District Maglstrates’ Court.
Deeds
SHAWVILLE.
DALE BROS.
ex«uUdT/au7eand .at,»
factorlly.
pass, 50 miles.
Bay uf Quinte Railway company, for extension westerly from Diseronto, two miles, and for extension from Tweed northerly, tive miles,
Ontario, Belmout and Northern railway, from present terminus at Iron mines, northwesterly, five miles; also for extension southerly to the Central Ontario Junction of the Ontario Pacific railway, 2 miles Pembroke
QUE
SHAWVILLE
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
Planing,
Matching Dressing
R. MITCHELL,

An Ottawa man has invented a selfacting pump, intended for Dasfctire fields, and it is said to be an article of decided utility. The difficulty of supplying water to live stock in many pastures is well undershtod, and where there is no running spring many persons decline to send their horses out to grass in an miner. The inventor claims to have overcome the difficulty by having his pump, a new automatic working invention, set in a platform, upon which the thirsty animals must tread, and as each walks into the enclosure and steps upon the plank, fresh water is brought up from the well, and
LICENSED AUCTIONEER », .be	I <"“*
Pontiac. Sales conducted in a business-like An Arnpnor exchange says, should and satisfactory manner. Goods or articlee actuai Work on the construction of
or prfvate «al**1 on *re»«onabîe^ter.ns.P Pub- the canal be begun at any time during the lie sales conducted at Shawville once a ! year V400 a prominent citizen of the town
sss&tss:	I ^
will not he because he is to be ensured
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontiac. Office. Main Ht.,
returns

Tinware,
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CQ„
^aVcouuU collected and promp made.
/
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
P 0. Box
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
Southern, from Golden Lake towards Ironsides, Bancroft and Ottawa railway at Bancroft, 20 miles.
Lake Erie and Detroit River Railway company, from Ridgetown to St. Thomas, 44 miles, with running rights over the Canada Southern.
Kingston and Pembroke railway, branches from main line to Bluti Point iron mine and Martele mine, 5 miles.
Parry Sound towards Sudbury, 20 miles.
Ontario and Rainy River Railway company, from Stanley station, on the P. A. Duluth and Western, to Fort Francis, 140 miles, at $0,400 per mile, not exceeding $890,000.
Maesawippi Valley Railway company, extension to Stanstead Plain, Que., 3 12 miles.
Port Hawkesbury (N. S.) to Cariboo Cove, 10 miles.
Central New Brunswick Railway, from Newcastle coal fields to Gibson, N. B., 30 miles.
Antler station to Moose Mountain, Man., 50 miles.
Sunny Brae to Country Harbor and from Country Harbor to Guysboro’, N. S., 15 miles.
Port Clyde to Lock port, N. S., 20 miles.
From I. C. R , near Halifax, to Central railway, Lunenburg, N. S., 20 miles.
From Libelle, Que., to Momaningue,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
in id ei ud p-ompt return ^assured
and
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
JoFbing and Repairing
GENERAL.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.i Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
J. J. TURNER,
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
all demande eupplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
J. G. ELLIOTT
Court Shawville, riches or is to be tilled with joy, it will
‘276	be to pay a wager. Having little faith in
W0_10*	the bona tides of the canal company he
An Earthquake
DALE BROS.
LO.E

Meets the 4th Wednes |lft8 bet that nothing will he done. Should day of every mouth

SHAWVILLE, QUE
Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
PATENTS
1900 pass without a start being made on Court dues most be paid I	great waterway another citizen w ill
prompt!y every month. | donehen( bby ^ #o „mt it	,IC
trotted out in any event.
P. s.
PROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. 9. Barnett, F.S
Lindsay, Ont., July 26th.— One of the most remarkable cases on record of resuscitation after syncope occurred here today. Arthur Armitage, aged 17 years, wh ist bathing, went beyond his depth, and being unable to swim, floundered helplessly around and went to the bot-Bernard Wilson, a teamster, on being apprised of the fact by some boys, gallantly dived in with his clothes on and brought Armilage to the surface, after the lad had been five minutes under wat* Medical assistance was by this time hand, and the boy was restored to consciousness, and walked home, apparently none the worse of his immersion.
Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Help” and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of ycur invention or improvement and we will tell you firoe our opinion as to whether It is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
J. A. Cowan, R.9
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
FARM FOR SALE
At a Bargain.
The Farmer
HOTELS
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes
St. Lawrence Hall,
i
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERTS
tom
The undersigned offers for sale a farm containing four hundred acres of choice land in the Township of Gurrt, District of Barry Sound. Seventy acres cleared ; balance hush. Log house, barn and stable erected on the premises which are we I watered and situated one mile from school and post office. The premises are admi-raid y suited for a stock farm. V Icar title. For further particulars a^to^^
Bon field P.O., Ont.
i
pass
< NEW YORK LIFE B'LD'O.. MONTH!Al CAN OFFICES:; ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C.
22 miles.
Western Alberta railway, from United States Boundary towards Anthracite, 50 miles.
llestigouche and Western, continuation from western end of twenty miles subsidized towards St. John river.
St. Francis to mouth of St. Francis river, N. B., 3 miles.
Canada Eastern, Nelson to Chatham, N. B., 2 1 4 miles.
Paspebiac, Que., to Gaspe, 32 miles.
Among the amounts re voted, we notice the following :
Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway, Aylmer to Hull. 9 miles.
Portage du Fort and Bristol Branch Railway, Quyon to Portage du Fort, 15 miles.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
The Housewife
N
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- | er ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never an large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
on
pONTlAC HO US F
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
Glengarrian Killed in the Philippines.
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
I


In Conclusion,

The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street. Shawville, opposite theBank. For terms and particulars apply to
SIL VS YOUNG, Parkman P. O
Cornwall, July 27. — Another Glengarian filled with the martial spirit of his ancestors has gone the way of many another soldier of fortune. News has just reached Charles Craig of Summerstown, Glen-gary, to the effect that his eldest son, Ben Craig, was killed on June 3rd. while leading his company of the 4th United States Cavalry against a strong position held by the Filipinos at Antipoli, near Manila, on June 3rd. The engagement was very sharp and Craig who was an officer was shot in the throat and instantly killed. Craig had not been home in 14 years. He was a fine young fellow and very popular here.

Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
Trade Marks Designs
9 "f" Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook ou I atenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patent*.
Patents taken through Mann A Co. receive Special notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.!
SILAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners.

Ingersoll Cremated.
New York, July 28.-The body of Robert Ingersoll was cremated yesterday at Frosh Pond Crematory, Loug Island. The cremation was conducted quietly, all except the members of the funeral party and the crematory attendants were excluded from the ceremony.

Fifty Settlers Wanted.
T	ted far m M nUieVlci n * y of l!« lb br I dge
I 8 The first 60settlers granted special Selections given In order of anA great opportunity. For par-


i
To PATENT tied Mm
Alberta, privileges
plication. Honiara, apply to
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest «Y culatlon of any scientific journal. Tai -year : four months. $L Sold by a)' I
NUNN Î Co.”'"fi
Branch Office 625 F KL. WashX
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD, ' Baltimore. Md
R8V. CHAR McKILLOP,
Renfrew, Ont
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
c. CALDWELL,
, , PROPRIETOR
# #
###PAGE###6###
THE EQUITY AUGUST 3, 1F96.,
>
t
at aome dark object that sped, betww* ! perfectly thv fin**.	,w.i..
A WEALTH ROMANCE.
ROMANCE OF GOLD MINING.
level precipitous walls, np . » . . .	.. ...	,	. .	parent ly worn smooth at their base»
••Ai!18	18	’ ,.	,***	'	shouted.	by the action of terrific torrents, prob-1
AHvmaghtc it is » i gvr, leopard, ably un early development of the s eur. vned the Hushraan. "and he hua Orange Hiver when first it made its t awed one of the	way through ihe.se grim defiles I’ves-
Hue emmgh. on insi^cting the yelp-'Pnt,y ,he causeway narrowed still mg eu livrer, Root-Kat, a brindled red ; more ; and then turning a sharp cor- j faintor) of tin
r ?l«l 0,1 < f 1 K4 !,sst of ,1!y |Klck’ 1 ner, we suddenly name upon a pair of N(,w s^th Wales 1	I	-I	-	.	.Ltl, h<‘ i>vtir w, v al	l,s *,iMl Kasp.	leopards sauntering coolly towards l
Whu were Almost the first	lines to	with its threat and neck	almost torn	| didn’t like the look of things at all.	¦
rvvt my gaxeî lh«>e!	to ribbons. Cursing tb- sneaking cow- for H |PO|wird at the best of times in	(riel, consisting ¦	¦	|	|
Like Kijtb at lloreli a vave alone.	ni«ll> Ivop.ud. I waw that the replan- an ugly customer, even where he known	lands held on lease by psstora liais, the	iimnl,
A ht ill MU ill Muvv" comes through !*h<*d uvw b.azed up, and again turned and dreads firearms. The brutes show- l|ivvj u,tUreof the country, covered | was conjuring up dreams of the fu-
r : ###?% # SSS® Si BEE	- *-.- - «..
fear,	iniJ1#V lttt fatal hour betwixt night I was nothing for it—either we or they	population
Saving—Man is distant, but	God is ,ul<. di) when many a flickering life, muat retreat : and having come nil t his
r near.	| unloos 'd by death, slips from Is moor-1 frightfll, tri.k for the diamonds, I felt
g-	..........
in- mount dns va» t ih * ud through i id human screams. I had my loaded time to speak we b>th let drive at the siderahle experience un the Bendigo, man the world has ever known—so
•EHH'EEHF	^5^-^ ..........................,n ....	.‘
sKt’£3!r'H iri	.........
:, ssbeH ##### illfP1
WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ	‘ U.-II here and	^'^rsmW; and the dogs were vainly these beggars are like lightning
I	i.	XNU|	head and flanks. All they are charging. In a moment, as until about a mouth after hut a*mal
s## iiüil lüilil
SSESHSrK	«SES
ilri r>|i ill' III'Ig h it. .1 tieauiiful Lvli umolA'ii IiMo p mi J»» ™.i the wall of mountain on our left stood th,. gold .lis, uvmea. m order to -rcuru mg a cigar AJOtl is pouring into bis
shhes&h
sr-r-sr.9 .....	4 ' ss&,t isvssf. »f r."	^ca sr™„ ^
The tun. vi'lk.xx.	Ue.tr-,'ved Hush- ôuiv visibî»	, n , “ 'Liï i ,"nk<‘d ‘he river, as l should judge, mimllg district, sixteen miles distant,	thru	strength taxed	to draxx	the	««
m .n. standing i	tin as l so, , 11 a	\ . 1 about a mile distant. As xxe rameout „ h,.„ ,i„. marvellous richness uf the	tons	of	gold	he has	accumulated	.a
risk, pointing xxi.L h-s lean arm sky- mexoiablv shut in bv ore,doimns in,° ,he 8U"sbine' Kla:'8' P°in,inF .V’	‘•«•ume ascertained.	j thmy-five short years; and eight
wlantly with pleasant metallic voices hirdlx the figure of an angel uf hope; K1.. ,.s st „ #Vd » ,	i	i i air, l<N»k.” Looking upwards at the mass lhe population had increased to about, sovereigns he could ;
fn-iu among the trees that margined ilI1(l al ljiat m«»nivnt lie was an*wu ‘z!	u<* a* 1 gaze,dl of rock, my eye was suddenly arrested 10(l u ,,ut mnuy Wub»et|uently l»-ft, he- I des, eah as high as Mont Blanc; «
the river, and furnished capital ban- anuef to me : f.-r w i had tasted no wa- .«.J	“i " 1 “ ,y f.™ ,DO 1:1 !* by a gleaming mass that protruded jug unable to secure aunfei eus land At he could mike a golden footpath, a
uuets when required. Other feather- ttr m sin\ik of foi close cut three «lays, ‘ f V ’ V ; f, * v a hbl ?	from the dead wall of mountain. Half the end of 18V4.	fool wide, along which lie might
¦ ¦*
uwtog to the prevalcnee of « rough,. ax .nut. was disclos 'd - an avenue deed, .he lazy* Ai r, a,fs were on y too ^ told me too, whaM he prei t> gems ,
1 Luted the water v;i,jrs ami exeiy liul|)!] 5tS worn smooth h> .h“ passage glad of an easy day in camp after their «?Xtie thu ®RW ,n. u‘ young other utensil 1 could think of: and of elephants, thino eioses, and other hard journey.	\bFai r,ng when she ^or<* lf : :. f
thvn. all being ready and the oxen m- mighlv gam..; alid then there fell up-j	- ! ?hen knew what a pearl was. and that
Spanned, we moxed brmkiy foiwaid. (,ri our u( t^t, most iefreshing pro--1 -	,,	it came from a fish that grows in t he . ?nm-riiig. Appamiily, l n.m a llonj
gszg	............
Towards evening. «I,™ nf i.nm nT lmh The ^	*«ven o'clock. The little that was the finest pearl ye ever saw.
xv emerged upon a dreary and inter- pool xx a-‘circular, ha sal > vere of b|lggar’ ".ho.’ 1 suppose, in hie Bush- that up in the cliff near where i lie thought it was 1 would go and spend miuahl ¦ waste that lay outstretched rock and quartz, and ..mpktelv mac- ™J“ '""w had wandered baboon-hke pretty white sûmes lay." 1 mean.he
............. ...........
hav to fore « our passage. That even- pr cipitous walls/about thirty feet in t l,ei' g,t,rge at.,hp	thal le(j reality I had even to the last had wt.- believe that it is; leant believe but friend of the m Id-wire still re-r.Hn
?SrS;iî ™aS-pz=
¦eiiaee a*a «gen
Cl ua eyes	. 'was icy cold and most invtgf tating. I a n-tnintnin whose roof-like sides eon- STEAM IN PLACE OF GUNPOWDER, eircus parade the calliope goes straight ! - M ’ iheir treasures, that Rockefeller
mmamm^mems SmKIME
h at cast up all day from the sandy ly. so as not to spill (h? water. At plam 8“em.‘4 to he returned at night j length xve reached the valley, only to Ly ib ft? sun-scorch d rocks with doubl d intensity.
fw Bering in our misery, with Idack
• n-<1 tongues and parched and era k- think, warm d them of go d n xvs ing liiks. The oxen seemed almost <h
lik^s dead things. Often have I in- and after two buckets apiece wardl) thanked Pringle, the poet of cold draught had been guipecl down South Africa, for his sweet and touch- their kiln-dried t hi oats, they got up ing verse, written with the love of this and shook th ms^lves and iejo ned their ft range wild land deep in him. and for I fellows, los striking descriptions of its beau ties an I its f un

?
«if Ike M jmlung tioltl Helds, In | Irani n Barrel sf Benne In	W.#4W
ire Man Ik Welre

I'he Lost Diamonds
of the Orange River.
sterling.
/I
Some day, (’harlie, some time
man, I >\ ml iv be
And I'm go-
The romance of Australian gold mining i* not inaptly Illustrated by the I when I am *
¦¦¦¦ \v y along gold field, in worth 100,000 dollars.
Leas than seven | ing to be. too—some day "
It is less than fifty y oars since a


in
US
VMM *fO It WM limply « gr»*i"K ,liB-
largely of Crown | young farmer’s son made this halfbull proud confideneo as lie
Shortly after this c< nx ersat ion, we cn nu hick to Shi shong where 1 sold ni y mu y ; and then, wit h empty xxa ud the oxen ref res tin! b\
faces
g« Il
good rvtii
foi the river. From Shoahvng in Ram, mg wall) we vient straight away across ih<i south-eastern corner of the Kalahari in an oblique direction pointing South-west.	It was a frightfully
waterless and tedious jouruev, especially after | assnig the Lange he rg, which we kept on our lift hand. Towards the end of the journey we found no water at a fountain where we had expected to obtain it. and thereby l< si foui out of i w fill y-two oxen, for I had N\ spare ones, and at last, after trekking over a burning and im-si broken country, we were beyond measure thankful to strike the river s, me way below th«' Great Lulls. Klaas had led us to a most lovely spot, w here t he j 11 ground slopes gradually to t he river— the foi I \
a
set
in
i ure with a hoy-friend, as poor as
HU father farmed ninety poor u< rt•
only forty null's dix-
n the shore of Ownsso Lake
i nd
was
brought up his too numerous family n .1 small, brown-pair tod shanty, m
taut
18D.I. a Victorian colonist
named Ncvld. and his family, being dr- | %% hi h it would have required dexter-uf obtaining a large:
In July
urn of
f> to swing ihe proverbial vat.
To-du y the boy, who fifty years ago was glad to hoc potatoes for a shilling a day, and who dared scarcely breathe to his m wt iuiimate boyfriend the dieum of u day when Lit should have A.'J0,0.K), is the richest
Minus
«kin to dclig the mon «*f burn ng tori,
one of us w ho
n laud laws, crossed
in y place for perhaps thin y or miles where the water, shut in by mighty mountain walls, can be approached—and where we could rest and refresh ourselves and our oxen Here we stopped four days, h was a perfect resting-place. Down the hunks of the river, and following its course, grew charming a venues of willow sr mimosa, and bastard ebony. Two or three islands densely clothed with bush and greenery dotted the bread and shining Iroeum of the mighty stream. Hippopotami wallowed quietly in the flood, and fish were plentiful, ihe mimosa was now in full bloom, and the sweet fragrance of its yellow flow, rs everywhere perfumed the air as we strolled by the river’s brim.
I had some
tackle with me a rod from n willmv-tret some of my spare
fish a ltd had, for South Africa—which as you know ling country—capital sport captured were a kind of beaded barbel, fellows with dai k greenish-olive backs and white bribes : and 1 caught them with setups of meat, bees, grasshoppers, anything 1 could get hold of, as fast as I could pull tk in out, for an hour or two at
the
know within a few million dollars how mm h he is worth, and can and does win or lose a million pounds sterling without a smile or a sigh.
lie is so rich that if he were to throw away a sovereign every minute of his life, night and day, bis
yearly in a m ' would stiJI be suffit lent to create
hi* dut I h t
i hr hist attention being attracted by nuuj
lTtAUMEMS OK QLAK IZ
the beginning of August, INM. and he at once comme need prospecting, but did nut succeed in finding gold
NX .IS
but
light, l lot ked Slope i f mountau tin Ft
bu>ti- On vt qusv v i t tt. M-t su u-bliizt
once
TWO NEW MILLIONAIRE
lie mghL give a w a y Wa
every year own weight in sovereigns every work-
ing day of the year, and still his 10-< ome for fifty-two Sundays would place him among the men whose annual revenue runs into six figures.
pi os I aid mg Kiesh
old scraps of fishing-inti ha\ ing cut m> self
l employed time in catching
is not a great ang; he h i. flat
coffee ho presents
« lime.
After (he parching and most harassing irek across the desert, our en campm-nt seemed a terrestrial para dise
re-
The guinea-fowls called con
in ike sixteei
sterling every year.
thirty mil-
gas. and nearly five millions in steamships, muni ipal gas, and oiler
securities
IT WAS ON OIL
however, that Ho kefeller first floated his fortune, and on oil the hulk of it still floats
In his oil industry the multi-millionaire etui Ivys
i « * W l' in If
a ! o n
an army of 25,0(10 men pays three and three-quarters of a million pounds every year in wages, none of hW men earning less than H	eight shillings a day. HU oil-WngOOS
I'd like to know, ’ said tlie middle- 1 irimiier 7,(*00 : he has steamers for aged man, " ,f a dislike uf noisy things oil-transport, lIMMI miles < f |>i|>,-lim-e
is a sign uf increasing age f if I
The nursery of t his colossal ft r-some hours a day in a boiler factory, tune, the eighth wonder of t he world, ¦¦¦¦	was n sm ill warehouse, win b bor#
on n modest sign-board the names
An old
THE MIDDLE-AGED MAN
ind

loo st ps over a i on taiiKMB country.
because 1 don't want to seem, ex en to
Frt in a barrel of
*s
“ _to;_fUL1^	P.U" «, k'1‘ 1 tihouid be carrying, instead of the re- has made lU
md ter. insert it in the <h^11-hole, and ihen gular trunk, just a valise or a measly
........mss wmm. aiü
ed, and we found ourselves in a very the turning on ol tut cui rent.	strumeni the piano; 1 hate to hear great swarm occurs at intervals of
valley of deeolation We were almost	__w____ anybody put on the loud pedal and shout 33 years, made a spectacular
com» letejy entombed by narrowing	voiw vnci nvr lbvu **und. That distresses me—al- display in 1833, and were also very
m .uniain walls, whose dark red sides KEEPING ICE EROM MEL lING. ways. I'd an everlasting sight rather numerous in I860 and 1867. Recent
frowned upon us everywhere in horrid However procured, even if it be ice hear something soft and gentle and calculations show that since thv swaito
sfsrcssrffirs ..........................» - —• -	^
Moreover, to make has cost something, and should be ence or’ breaking up oi nid âge* or and Sfttorn. and that the middle of the
fr±r, i.-.râ -Kiss
stjpükæ .1	«*•.-" srArt&ï
dence of nge, or even of mental distortion, that I should dislike to hear sweet bells jangled, and prefer to hear sweet bells in tune.”
At length we reached the ores'; ù..« ---- -	. . .
then, after passing through a fringe turn the water into high-pi essuie little handbag
Astronomers are already !o< king forward with keen interest to the ex-

&
4
r
We rested for a short time, and then inspann d and started f«*. the upland pool
though th y were, had SU h a heart put into th in by their dtink. and seemed so well to know that their watery salvation lay up there, only a short mile distant, that they one and all bent gallantly to the yok^s, and dragged their heavy burden to the margin of th; bush-girt water now outspann d for the night, made .strong fires, for the spoor of leopards was abundant, stewed some bustards, ate a good supper, and tamed in.
1 suppose we had not been asleep two hours when I was awakened by tbe sharp barks and yelping of my dogs, tb" kicks and scrambles of the oxen, and the shouts of the men. Snatching up my rifle and rushing out, 1 was just in time to see a firebrand hurled
A I in y panting that night, cursing my luck and the
forty that hr ush m
lantern and opened liis glvwing p g s
Ih.i oxen, worn and enfeebled
hither, I lit a
overpowering
th ngs more lively, I noticed that snakes were more than ordinarily plentiful, the bloated puff-adder, the yellow cz bra, and the dangerous little night-adder, several times only just getting out of our path.
The awful silence of this sepulchral place was presently, as we rested, for ten minutes broken by a company of baboons, which having espied urn from their kranfzee above, came shcggling down to see what we were. They were huge brutes and savage, and quah-quahed at us threateningly, till Klaas	MONEY 'IALKS.
mem# ss «v
on the
A region of empvne<s, how.ing and drear.
Which ran hath abandoned frum famine and fear;
Which th? rmlttf and the lizard inhabit a/one.
With the twilight bat from the yawning stone ;
Wb re gtass, nor herb, nor shrub takes root.
Save ponrnoui thorns that pierce the foot :
And here, wfai s thj n gbt-wioda ajou d me sigh.
An ! the stars bu n bright in the mid night sky,
A l ait apai ; by the desert stone.
can. and wrap it in something that is a p<»oi* conductor of heat !¦¦¦ cloths are better than cotton, for they conduct the heat less rapidly. Paper is better than woolen as it will not admit air. If newspapers are used to wrap ice in they can be thrown away after they have served this purpose without any loss.
Woolen
THE WHOLE STORY.
You see, he maid I was a fool. Yep.
And then I soaked him.
M’hm.
And that was where I proved It.
We

PART OK THE GAME
Mamma—Ethel, what do
you mean
by shout.ng in that disgraceful fashion t See how quiet Willie is.
Ethel—Of course he’s quiet; that *.our game. He’s papa coining home late and I'm you.
HAD A LI VBA Y TIME.
Watt#—Have a good time yesterday! Lushforih—Good time ? Old boy, I oxm taute it yet.


###PAGE###7###
THE EQUITY AUGUST 3, 1690.,
XJ’EQV'JEm Cl IANGUCQ—Tta* Uniformly High Qmallfy of
ALCOHOL FOIt AUTOMOfllLKS
The majority of motor oars driven by petroleum, but en ringer recommends the u-*e uf alcohol instead of it
iered mo a* to nui'iiine it
fear of explosion with alcohol, an 1 i> said to be less costly th in petroleum We might, therefore, paraphrase the o it luttai poet and say, Cut it in your cars to Hare y<uu legs "
RESULT OF SKIN GRAFTING.
into four yards and use the
your acre
\ nls alternately. In plough up two of the yards and sow to rye. Ah soon as it is up a few inches put your fowls in those yards rye will furnish green food until snow
whedevsr the fowls got fit the ground, and the first
Should the rye be
LUDELLA
fall
the
ire now a French
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
II
isg, na«l
ml nil Millier AneiUer Trial-Inter riling Murglral l'eue.
I
INI
I
mil motors .1 re being al-
j hoi e in no
The
Louis Henarhuu, of Cincinnati, was severely burned about the bank, shoulder and right arm on February 25. He lay for weeks in the City Hospital at the point of death, but gradually bis horrible wounds began to hell, with the exception of the multiple wounds which bad denuded the aim of almost
The stubborn
BAIIN CONSTRUCTION
Lead packages. 25. 30. 40. 5° *
CEYLON TEA
âlways mslht»t»e4-Do you It f If a#L do »•¦
comes, in winter
can
A gentleman whose barn was recently burned asks uh for the names of bunks devoted to plans of barns and if there are architects who make a sjreci-alty of barn construction.
To both of his questions we must answer that we know of none. The reason for lack of publications especially devoted tu Imrn construction is that ideas have been changing so rapidly during the last few years that nothing thoroughly up to date has been published in l>ook form grtwaive ideas on the subject are in the files of the best class of agricultural
So far as architects are concerned we know of pone who make any speciality of burn construction, for the reason that an architect to understand his business thoroughly must he something of un expert in some of the technical details of the use to
The
thing in epting likely to grow too high in the fall, just
little while,
A BOON FOR THE LAME I
THE IVEY PATENT EXTENSION SHOE CO.,
turn your cow in for u occasionally, and let her feed it down.
Keep your hens on these yards until
teis: Kr.x-- ^	—
grass will he nice and fresh. Plough against all known remedies finally under what is left of the rye. and plant the yards to corn and sunflow-We have kept fowls in that way
—fifty in a flock, one hundred in on *
case of
European Plan Room* V from $1 a «Ur up. Op». OTK Station. Montreal. Ueo Garelafceà Uo., Props.
Hotel Carslake
Are • n«loue to secure the address of every lame man soil woman In Cnnadn wi.ese lamp consists In une I mb being shorter than the other, and are offering goofl pnyln» «Ü-logmen* to every lame p* rsnu who wll the trouble to write
fferlng good pnylnn • for olrtulare and
.v act ae agents. Oet one of the Bitension* for yourself and you will, after 1 *'we„k, have no trouble to convince others of Ita valus
ADO M
wurlil H
K
every particle of skin
ist# DO trounie to oouvidoi wwmr# vi ive wihiufi
x This Km tension is by fsr the best of it* nature ever p seed on the market, and enable# ) the wr»rwr So *n!k upright, go walk with -a*e and comfort, tv wear any ordinary store **„hnm, and gives th» in the esiuv appearance s« '.heir mure fortunate friends Descriptive c ircular# free to all A»k for terms to agents. Addreae
170 BAY STREET,
NOW SHKS COOL
•Mrs. Hiliver—This awful ture ih unendurable.
Mr. Hi liter—Sciential# say, my dear that but fur greater know anything about, there would lie no diamonds.
eiii[»era
decided the physicians to nuke a skin graft. Am quite a large quantity uf
TORONTO, CANADA,
an*#
heal than w«
era
cuticule was required to cover tensive an area the physicians were at a, loss to know where to obtain it.
in I his dilemma 11an#cliun's sisters volunteered to supply it, and would have done so had not a bioi her-in-lawi
80 l'%-
SAPUNti LIFTS TONS
Brass Band
house—mid there was not a sickliest* among the old fowls during the entire year. And we made over one hundred dollars in clear cash from the sale of eggs from those one hundred hens; so we do not hesitate to declare that mure than twenty-five fowl»	forward and made the
can he profitably kept in one flock No; fic |ill(i«r all known aseptic preoau-we didn't sell any of the eggs at tiona euoUgh skin was removed from fancy prices; they were sold at the lh<l brother-in-law's thigh to cover average price of twenty cents a dozen., ll)4, HUrfa(>e. After this the healing of Ask yourself if you have an acre of I , ^ wounds went rapidly on, and the land within the limits of your farn* j patient was discharged from the initial pays one hundred dollars, or even ^titixtion in less than a month afterfifty del la r».	ward.
the most pro-
The power of living seed over the
inert weight of tons of rocks is very forcibly illustrated by a little sapling which is growing in Erst berg (ler-The tree is slight enough t
N<;V kVSvt
t or Over Hit
HRS. WINSLOWS IOOTHI	_
lined by mnl.hi'rn for thuir chil irno loeLhlng. It #ontme hild. eofien* thegum*. mils:" mil pstn, wee wind cofio, sn l l. Hi* l»o*t remedy for dimrrha*s 25r s bot lie M Id by all druggist# throughout the world. Be •ur# mod ink for " Mrs Winrlow'e Soothing Myrup '
ham beet
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, ttc.
Every town can have a band.
^ newspapers
the
many
be bent with the h «u L. but is raising in its Irresistible growth ruck weighing f< ur tuns
sacri-
1,0***1 price» ef i-r quoted Kine calmlogum, 500 ilia» trmtiooi mailed frru. Write ue for anything In Mu*iij or M'i»ioal Inatrumenfc*
\ tu iss ->f
WHERE CUSTOM FAILS.
In Paraguay a gentleman id enjoin-; DISCOVEKEU AT LAST.
................. ideal L„W, P.,1,h
i EHwm	###%% -STTSST
well fed.	1 hey must come to the iiuc-	tt(l gradual that it was scarcely pel-	nmell and completely dorango the whulo eye	makes	.1	delicious	summer	feu	J iri
lion with	glossy coats. smooth hair	c.pUbto	But rm'r.ly remain,	_L7K*	F°r s.,e	by	grocer.,	A.k	tor	it.
and must	he well broken. While	,l°'l *	18 10 r« m >ve the s g	oept on prescription• from reuulubie phyetet
horses are	being fattened for market |	*hm and	put other skin in us platée.	an8, a» the «Jamage Uioy will do le tor, fold u,
2rr ir	EHHSHâSi	««°.
— ---	gaSSSH
steam and electric cais. No hoi se	Date of General Election.	the weuutne. It la taken lot* rnall j, end made there,and I in in hopes they II take em t6|ningtom thorough BusIdw» or si.eithmud *duomtioe.
should he younger t han five years, nor	¦ h ,	, , , Th:H question is In Toledo. Ohio by K J. Cheney 8c Uo. Teetl hack and leave 'em where they got 'em Thoecmsfcpne^oo forIni^d R^eoue modCivU»w.
old#l th-m eight to bring a good price.	,'L^o5L of £Æ.ns. I"	pr.ee lie. ,,r bot«„. U.Î. year.
view uf the material alteration in the HaII’s F*mny Pills are the beet, commercial policy of the country which would be involved in a change of government it is a matter which con-
veins the general public. Meanwhile According to i recent investigation the aching corns of the populace cry of lightning strokes m trees which a fur a remedy and the government give German has carried out. the beech no heed to the demand. Look here I tree is less often struck by the flash don't suffer this neglect to delay the than any other. It is unwise to take use of means open to all and which re- shelter from a thunderstorm under moves the most painful and obstinate any trees, but if U is a case of needs corns in two days. Painless, sure act- must the beech is the best and the oak ing Corn cure, Putnam's Painless Corn or poplar among the worst.
Extractor.
WHALEY ROYCE A CO., - Toronto, Can
MONTREAu
The 11 Balmoral/’ Free Bue
Am PI An
«1 ühàuo
which the structure is to he put mure modern and best arranged barns that we know anything uf hare been constructed by practical dairymen
PREPARING HOUSES FOR MARKET
The changing ideas relative to barn construction are due to a growth of the feeling that cattle must have mure light, mure air, and better air than w is formerly supposed tu he necessary. Growing out of this feeling has come a condemnation of the former practice of a dafk. noisome manure cellar in the
SOLD EVERYWHERE
1 NDKSI HA BLE H ' SHAN US
SUMMER SESSION
basement, cuttle above that, and then h ly and other fodders above the cattle an«l manure.
The essential principle of modern barn construction is that there shall he n main building for storage only, with one story ells to be used ex-
Por Month Paid Httgularly on invwtmente
S'irulu» over
juaruirly Aujr	from |5U upw
rnrestmeut Tins <’vm(nn> e plAu locate the require-.iiwutiof UloiH^ode who ir* seeking * »sf* And prurtt able investment, nod i* ureating i wulespn-Ai isterwel nmuiig niT«el->ns io #11 parts of the 1> mini jii BOOK KHKK. giving full particulare *h"W* h w $\V) may be oomr glW.UW ni ten y« »r, by Allowing surplus profits U> eompounu m sAfc au-1 cnneirvetite -tpe-ulalive iu» J
The Dominion Investment Company of Toronto,
Caua'Is 1'ermeimnl Cham bur*. 18 I’oruoto
4
CALVERT’S
n 1 distributed Is reoe red for
llT
4
ARE YOU JEALOUS
TREES AND LIGHTNING
Carbolic Disinfectants. Soupe. Oint ment, Tooth Powders, etc., have boon awarded 100 medal* and diploma* for eupeuor excellence. The! r regular une prevent mfecti ou» dwcaaee. Aik your deeier to obtain a • upply. Li*te mailed free on application.
After marriage jealousy should be striven against just as une battles with fever or any other kind of disease. It creates misunderstandings by the hundreds; it chiils love, though it is a sigu of love, and it makes the unity of thought and feeling that should exist between husband and wife a hollow mockery.
It is the wife's part to cure this canker. Women are so delicately sensitive and so wonderfully wise and diplomatic, that without throwing their cards uu the table, and thus revealing their hand, they can force the game to go any way they will. Jealous husbands are very quick to see when their wives really adore them, and them alone, and the woman who is the victimized wife of a jealous man instead of scorning his weakness, does well to be lenient toward it, and tender, remembering that her conduct alone is its cure, or, on the other hand, its aggravation.
There are wives who argue falsely that when their husbands cease to be jealous they also cease to love them with the passionate fervor of the first few years of married life. Never was there a more absurd mistake. Of a truth, only the woman who has not known the pangs of jealousy would
clusively for stock.
There are many adaptations of this principle, according to circumstances, the lay of the land, the size of the dairy and the means of the ow ner. In ¦jL numb at of instances where these modern barns have been built, the land is of such a slope, as to allow of a light, dry, airy basement under the whole of the main barn which affords an excellent storage place for wagons and farm machinery. In some instances the lay of the land is such that loads can be driven not only on to the main floor of the barn, but also ou to an upper floor. In the latter case
much of the grain, etc., can be unloaded so as to drop by gravity to the bins, saving a great deal of manual labor. Many of throe new barns are fitted for the use of a fork for unloading hay. in some cases the silo is built in the barn, the silo being rectangular and occupying u corner of the barn, ur being circular and enclosed in the baiu. according to the tastes of the owner. The circular silo seems on the whole to he growing in favor.
The ell for the stock will be of such length as is necessary to accommodate all the animals to be kept; there may be more than one if needed. This ell is usually of sitficient width to allow room for the passage of a wagon loaded with green crops through the centre. with a row of stalls on each side, and liberal passage ways in the rear. These ells are usually built with monitor roofs, well supplied with windows which can be opened from the barn floor by rods and gears. It is usually customary to open all on one side or the other, according to the direction of the wind. Each side of this stock ell has a row of windows, all of which are stationary at the bottom and arranged to swing inward a few inches at the top, thus any air through them will be given an upward tendency on its entering the barn, and will not come in a sharp draught upon the cattle standing near the window. In addition to thus many barns have ventilating ducts for the admission of pure air from the outside. These ducts are useful, particularly in extreme weather, when it might not he considered prudent to open the windows behind the cows. Except in the coldest nights, many farmers keep the windows in the monitor roof slightly ajar for purposes of ventilation.
The floors of these barns for stock are made of wood, cement, or various kinds of artificial stone. In some mangers are built for feeding the cattle, while in others they are fed from the cement floor, a concavity having been shaped in the cement. At the end of the row is a water pipe, and by turning a faucet running water will flow through the whole of this gutter
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Dominion Line
Stammerers HSSg
.Montreal and Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamers Vancouver Dominion, Scotsman, t ambroman.
W r C !)H‘i
Dr Araetl, Berlin who will ooniiooe , ju be c»o cure you
TORONTO Cutting School off*r* special a4*»mt*gm#
" to all desirous of acquiring a thorough knowledge >f Gutting and Fitting Gentlemen s Garment* Write for particulars
NOVIL WEDDING PRESENT
Rat*» of passage - First Cable. upward* . Second Cabin. #31 ; fct**rage. #72 Ml end S-S 50 For further mforme'ion apply 'O I oral agent*, or
DAVID TORRANCE à CO.. General Agent*.
17 At Sacrament St Montres
One of the recent brides has received
email hand "flash light” as a wed-
in a
113 Tonga St. Toronto
Garment "%%%%	"»
Cutter*! C. W BUNT A CO.,Toronto.
l
ding gift. It may be turned on moment by the mere pressure of the thumb, which when removed extinguishes the light. It is of a convenient size for carrying about in pocket, and would be fine to flash a light on burglars. The charge gives 8,000 flashes, or will burn steadily for over five hours. It is the most ingenious little novelty for a wedding or birthday present.
$5 Tires
CARD INDEX

j#
Th# only perfect system for keep. Ing name# and adilr-seee eo
Him.pie tray outfit....
The OfTIee Specialty Mfg. Oe.,
Limited
132 end 124 bsy St., TORONTO Faotory : Newmarket
one’s
“ BEAVER BRAND " Mackintosh
never hardens A is guaranteed Water-^ proof. Auk l r It,take no other. He*. ** ver Rubber Clothing (Jo., Montreal
Double Tubes, give good service -Send in early—won t last long.
- Headquarters for
—Goodrich Single Tubes
- C. it «I. Detachable,
—Morgan & Wright,
—Bloyole Sundries, Sad dies, Tubes, Ao.
Dealers' prices on application
American Tire Co#,
164-168 King St. West,
TORONTO,
Kstabhehed 1446
L. COFFEE & CO.,
»
Michigan I and for Sale.
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
ssmaai
reasonable terms Apply to
R M PIER'
Or J W
A WONDERFUL COUPLE
Rooms 406-12 Soar# of Trade Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
A woman, says the Cornfed Philosopher. wonders why she ever marned that kind of a man, while the man wonders why he ever married at all
John L. Comte
Thomas Flynn
K Agent. Went Bay City. Mich CURTIH. Whiuemore, Mini*
EHRII
THE RIGHT IDEA
FARM FOR SALE.
Weary Willie anl his friend Frowsy strolling a I ng the seashore slop before a sign reading : Notice! B it hing is Dangerous Quicksands. Weary >' H-lie—Dere, Frowsy ; dere s true public spirit for yer. I don’t know who dat feller Quicksnnds is. but he s got de right idea uv t'ings an ain t afraid to say so, an i£ he wuz here I d take off me hat to him.
196 A''RES SITUATED in Waterloo Co., Wilm-it Tp , Ont. ; i mile north of vI# Dundee aud 5 mile* south of PeUrwhurg. on Q T R ; the bud slopes gently towards south and e*»t.
1 * rii’h olay loum, in a good state of cultivation . thrr* s * 2 acres of nruhar I au l garden, -thou» 31 arret- of _ ,cd hardwood hunh, cedar ind Miruce be-ltte around building#, and 200 11 apis trees bordsrl: and soft water at house barn atipiMed with spring water by hydraulic ram ; power wheel on barn ; about % *ora# of wheat. 4fl meadow, balance spiing crop, farm cun he bought with or without crop For terme a-ldrca- ISRAEL CRE8S.M AN. New Dundee Out.
ao argue
Jealousy has been known to kill people. It saps the strength and weak-the vitality of the heart though it does invariably imply love, and real hot love, too, it should be quenched by the sufferer and the object of his or her devotion. Love re-be certain of it, and more truly
ONE NIGHTwïa
ho,
ens
Boiler Makers!
Fitters ! Lathe Hands !
Catholic Prayer
>0 faim 1 ard
f
mains
it is love where the green-eyed mon ster has been killed.
\\> Can give good mechanics steady work, good wages, cool,well lighted.well-heated shop, belt modern conveniences.
Brantford is a healthy, progressive city. Living cheap.
niTCIITQ Procured in all countries Designs. JwA I Cil I O Trade Marks registered, Copyright*, ¦ Caveats procured Write for information. KGKRTON. R. CASK, Registered Solicitor of Patent*. Notan Public, Tempi* Building. Toronto, Onfc
II Fayne. of Granby, Que Cigar Manufacturer
“ Pharaoh lOo.
THH3
SEND
Peterborough
FOR
THF CHEERFUL FACE.
Next to the Sunlight of heaven is the cheerful face. There is no mistaking it. The bright eye. the unclouded brow, the sunny smile, all tell of that which dwells within. Who has not felt its electrifying influence? One galance at this face lifts us out of the mists and shadows into the beautiful realms of hope. One cheerful face in the household will keep everything warm and light within. It may be a very plain face, but there is something in it we feel, but cannot express, and its c herry smile sends the blood dancing through 1 he veins for very joy. There is a world of | blessed magic in the plain, cheerful face, and we would not exchange it for all the sou less beauty that ever graced the fairest form on earth.
CATALOGUE.
We otto cure any form of Catarrh. Price 50c A $1 per boi Write for circular aud 146 8t. James 6t. Montreal. Que.
Catarrh-
GIRLS CAN’T MARRY. Norwegian legislators propose that girls who do not know how to knit,
sew. wash and cook should be refused permission to marry. Daughters of wealthy men are not to be excepted.
WATER0U8, Brantford, Canada.
Panoe po.
W ILlMITSD.) W
testimonial* Ro'-in 6,1
Suooeseare
BUSINESS SCHOOL.
to
This beautiful filed gold ring set with thr-e brilliant* by telling one down Austria» B--*e Stick Plus *t 10cents «w*h. They are imparl #h able. pretty anl
in ml vet-lined cate, by re-
EARN
Ontario Canoe Co.
J. Z. ROGERS, Manager.
PETERBOROUGH, ONTARIO, CANADA.
ALBERT COLLEGE,
tion, eto., for one term of 10 weeks Hend for epewmen of penmanship, etc.	W. P. DYER, Principal.
(lives new life U> 'h Hair
WANTED.
AGENTS—Either sex, to handle our wuperior lme of Crayon and Water Color Portraits, Pram me. eto. Solar and Electric Prints supplied to artiste *nd the trade.
“	- ->$saSr	o.u
LUBY'S
mone rum
turn mall.
Home Specialty <'o.. Dept. /, Toronto. 4 a#-
A
It makes it grow tore* the color
. a bottle.
FARMERS--
Sold by all druggists. 50c
NEVER TURN A WHEEL UNLESS YOU GET
Brantford
HER IDEA OF IT.
Hou .wit.-But you hive had a good m nv .situation» in « short time.
.Servant-Yes. but that shows, m. -mueli competition there is to
PEERLESS"
tt
FOR 8ALE-BRUCK COUNTY-Some Great Bargains. Apply to JAMES MoK. STB WART, Drawer 16. Kincardine P.O., Ont
FARMS
OOLDJE
)HAPLEY
mUIRay
ACOAIMfflpy
Brantford can
Galvanized Steel Windmills and Towers.
•tael Flag Staffs,
Grain Grinders,
Iron and Wood Pump#, Bee Supplia#.
Send for New Catalogue.
IT S FINE
WHITE'S PHOSPHO SODA
Bjb
Heating Havee
No Oui# N the Mach turn Last, I nger —Great Sating t Hardware and General Stores nell it for their heat Oil.
am. how secure my services
An Effervescing Phosphate, excellent cleanser for lifer, kidney and stomach, takes the place ef ooal tar Ptenars lions in case of head ache, its effect Is Immediate Sold by all druggists. In 10c. t5c, 50c and SI 60 packages Quean City Drug Go., 27* Welltaïten-at. 6., Toronto.
ALSO
me it
O’KEEFE'S 'ifroF MALT
w.	A0KNT
mm amas
EXPERT RECOMMENDATIONS
Mention this paper,
Two burglars, after working on a safe all night, acknowledged them-1 selves completely baffled by the new combination, find were gathering up, in f; ont of the cows fui watering t hem, | their tools in disgust
and also for flushing and cleaning the	say. Bill, I'll tell	yer how we kin	finds	that	four	toy
gutter. A similar device is frequently	Let's hunt up the	manufacturer of	,	attached to a	yard	of whipcord
constructed in the rear of the cows for	Wat yer mean?	'	.	‘	'	imm	n, belt	or	life	buoy.
manure. Under this system of «ring make something out o' this job.	1 The bnllomas S‘“»0 only be halt full
for cattle the manure must be remov- this sate an' sell him our testimonials. *	lhe waves better.
-
with a scraper, which runs the whole	^feY0U nBaiD»t tkf < apitalists ?
length for gathering up the manure	^ell. nnsxv red	aimer Coin >s>e ,
and depositing it in a cart at the end ll 8 fa compheated question *nl my of the row.	feel In 3 kind o' varies. I must admit
The latest notion as to stalls is in	ef there wi n t no se<’h thing as
These allow the capital there might not be uo money
to pay summer board with
HARRIS
LEAD, COPPER. BRASS. Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM 8T.t TORONTO.
The Dawsoq Commission Co., Limited,
Cor. W##t-Market A Oolbome 8L, Toronto,
Oan get you best prices for your Apples. Rutter. Eggs. Poultry, and other produce. If you ship it to them.
Hobbs Hardware Go.
LATEST IN LIEE BELTS
ALLAN LINE
M. Janet, a Frenchman, of Sauvais,
india rubber bal-
LONDON
BINDER
Highest
Grades.
ST. LAWRENCE
ROUTE.
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
KOVAL MAIL STEAMERS
TWINE.
Lowest Prices.
Rope, Lath Yarn, and f icyoles.
Dealers, Ask For Quotations.
Mille. Mille A Hale#
Barristers,etc.. removed to Wnrtley Bldgs., Richmond tit. W . Toronto.
LAW
EVERY THURSDAY
From Montreal. ..... 3 August
......10 August
.....17 August
.....24 August
.....31 August
10.000 Loos, wilt
Troui Liverpool
20 July.....
27 July.....
3 August....
10 Aug......
17 Aug.....
The new Twin Scree 8. 8 Bavarian . sail from Liverpool Aug 24. and from Montreal Sept. 7
È50.OU and upwards,
v... 83f. 00. Return $66 50.
Liverpool, London. Glasgow. Londonderry
. PARISIAN...
LAT RKNTIAN
CALIKuKNiAN .TA f N VI ... . .. PARISIAN...
Tailors and Dross makers, send for cat-
Montreal
CUTTING SCHOOL-
La Toscana, 10c.
Ç. A D. SCHOOL CO
CAMIH mUIAMlM
alogue.
• t
Cabin Passage hfiusd 1‘abii*
Stesraga -Queeestowo,
For fun her information apply to
H. B0URLIER, 77 Yonge St., Toronto, or H. A A. ALLAH, Montreal.
cz'aK.%,% gS
Drug gilts, nr 881 Queen W. Toronto. h*.«n~-iR
&
WERE TOUGH PEOPLE ON CE.
Wheu I am in Route, he said, l shall
do as iho Romans do.
Well, she answered doubt fully, at least that will be better than doing the Romans did.
THEY
Loan and Savings Company-
IMiXlAPOKATKB 1665.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mortgage Corporation,
favor of box «tails. cowj greater freedom, the idea being that cows do best when they are in the must contented frame of mind possible; anything that tends to promote absolute content and mental serenity is reflected favorably at the milk pail. Consequently, it is argued that a box stall for the cows pays better.
In the newest barn that we have seen the partitions between the stalls are constructed of two-inch galvanized iron pipe
move* any objection that might be raised to plank partitions.
Any person contemplating the erection of a barn can get more information from these ideas in practice than by ap> newspaper description.

EVIDENTLY.
I think the man who works at that place across the street is the most faithful and conscientious workman 1 ever saw. He never takes a holiday, and always labors away till it's too dark to see any longer
Faithful workman?
He's the proprietor of the shop!
THE WORLD DO MOVE.
Mrs. Henry Peck—First we get boise-less carriages and then wireless telegraphy. I wonder what next?
Her Husband, meekly — Wifeless matrimony, perhaps.
, GOOD REASON.
Grandma—f wouldn't eat that hard epple in that way, Willie.
Wrllie— I shouldn't think you would, grandma. I wouldn't either f didn’t have no more teeth n you've got.
$2,600,000 i ,200,000
Paid-up Capital,
Reserve Fund
Head Offlo# Tarent# 8t., Toronto.
Winnipeg, Men., Vancouver, 8 0
x

as
without mediuue
1 or expense to the
Du Barry’s
HEALTH RESTüR D
Branch Otfio
JJiMKsÙs /Mufbr	tn/
k
DEPOSITS RECEIVED Interest allowed.
DKHfcKTURK.fi ISSUED for 1, 2. 3. 4 ur 5 year*, With interest coupons attached.
MONEY LENT on security of real aetata mortgages. Government and Municipal Bonde, ate.
Great Scott!

• [50 Years’ BBS*..
Du Barry & Go., w
ïÿSiiSSrtiSiïê ....
This is cleanly, and re-
Jfls
For further particulars apply te
l. MEkbbkr mason
109,000
-ip-'V^a,
FVOtfWl5tMorHO Knows
_ THE VALUE of

AN ACRE OF HENS.
Go ahead and build one house that will accommodate one hundred fowls, writes Fanny Field through the middle, and keep your fowls in two flocks of fifty each. Divide
IndianWohansBalm
A
k
Aieo ’ j
*4
#
r
Put a partition
t f
AS A PiMTUllUVT IwuNe.
###PAGE###8###

Farmers ! Good i

Hash is King.
tetter !
t
you will SAVE MONEY
A
Good Morning- !
( )oooooooooot )uuooooooooO
O
O
Best !
M V TKUMS
by
U
U
l)
V1Œ
o
U
buying your
t)
o
u STRICTLY CASH, o
o
o
BINDER
MM you vwr worn* a serge Suit t Of course you did ! We sell serge suits the gotui kind ; the kind that lasts ; the kind that don't get " shiny looking in a week or two. There is as much difference in serges as there is in pies. Some make you look splendidly, while other only remain to remind you that life is hut a hollow sham.
Oooooooovot >< khiooooovouO
By adhering closely to t his rule it enables to do watch and clock repairing, ml sell everything in tny line at
TWINE..
1
“ The Buying Public appreciate our efforts to serve them.”
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
FROM US.
*
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
This week we want to tell you of our new
We can let you have
PURE MANILA TWINE
from 1 to 2 cents a lb. cheaper than any other dealer in the county.
Get a “TYKE SERGE” Suit from us and be happy.
11
Our goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every time . . . . .
A. R. McGUIRE
;
Black Dress Goods,
The Tailor

GOO.DWYN
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR......ONT.
L.
Good, Serviceable and Nobby, Plain and Figured............
"Ifed Star”, '‘Sampson & “Boston"
- BRA NILS —
E. MARTIN,
"sr œr	America»
Dewey. ” the world’s greatest naval	----
E:^?i5FbF!E?,;,:::B'?‘1E	hXu %
Inches; uearlv Uw pages halftone illustra- by M. .Jean Hesse, its colonial editor who
h’*8 been.forJhree weeks in the Philip-
lifetime#	Wrlteqmck.	The Dominion	Tom-1 pHiet. M. 11 esse say* the American load-	,
panyt 3rd Floor	Vax ton	Kid g ? rhicago.	I es in Luzin are heavier than ha* been	( *l,vr	Mattson	of A rn prior made the
previously reported. The 42.000 men I ^ever capture <»f a burglar at am early who were on duty have been reduced to	^ullvon	Tuesday	morning while the thief
30.0OO. He expresses amazement at the	aml a c«»i»|miiinn	were robbing Gardner's
I store. One of the men tired at the chief
V
at Common-Sense Prices.
rJF- 4

Upper Thorne Centre.
f
GENERAL NEWS.

0TTAWA&GATINEAU RY
*o:P RIN T S:c-
I
Fruits !
CHANGE OF TIME
Summer Unie card as below will take CrOCOflGS !
1 Train Leave Ottawa......5.20p.m
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa.......9(0	a.m
No. 3 Train Leave Ottawa......8.(H)	a.m
No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa......6.45	p.m
No. 5 Train Leave Ottawa.......1.30	p.m
No. 6 Train Arrive Ottawa......8.15	p.m
No. 7 Train Leave Ottawa.....8.30a.m
No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa....7.08 p.m
Nob. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.	; -	-
Nob. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and	CtPSlTl
Sunday.	i	wi vmii i »
Nob 5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nob. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arno dl, Ticket Agent. 9t Spark St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. W. RRSSEMAN.
Gen’l Sup't.
email territory which Gen. Otis holds The American soldiers, says the writer, I ** *be latter was taking his prize to the are ad venturers engaged at low wages with j lockup, but failed to hit him.
pillage ———gg—gg—gg—g—g-gg
The verdict of the people WHO KNOW is that this Season our stock was the best in town
No
Confectionery!
in wearing and
washing qualities, and in new and up-to-date patterns. Our The man who sought to cany off a red-1 sales were gratifying. Now we offer vour choice of any
St. Lmis, Mo , Aug. 1.—A special to I ho\stme w,‘leh ,lot belong to him p .	}	J	J
the Globe Democrat from Oritz, Mexico	info pale insignificance when com-I 1 11,116 wo Ilcive lit
today when news reached here that lev- were. homCe " was 111 bmependence eral Americans and Mexicans had been | 11,111 in tIlv noddle of the night, when a killed in the Yaqui River Valley, east "hole ncighlmrhnod was awakened hy a and southeast of this station. The cou- Ber*e8 of blood-curdling screams, which rier who came in with the news of the va,ile fvom .t,le backyard of a prominent slaughter declares that he saw a desperate citizcn- Nothing short of murder could tight at a point southeast of Oritz, and bave caused them, and every man within • that he has a positive evidence that J F. hearing distance grabbed him gun and Remley, a merchant of Hermoeillo, and Ntarte<* ollt to rescue his victim. All E. Miller, a photographer in his employ, tîlv>’ Vnul<l hml was a broken hive, nquan-were among the killed. The inhabitants tlt>’ of honey 0,1 the ground, several of the town in and near the Ya«|ui Valley thousand angry bees buzzing around and are in a state of terror.	on °ne of the pickets of the fence a piece
of a man's coat-tail.
A Bloodthirsty Editor
In the above line* wv haw a very choice stock. Our prices are low. and goods first class.
Desperate Battle With Indians
Ten Cents per Yard.
parlor and get thoroughly satis tied
D. WILSON,
Pontiac Pad Jonction By
Opposite Pontiac Honte,
Binder Twine
SHAW VILLE, - QVE
I
o
Official Time Table :
GENERAL NEWS.
The old reliable “ RED CAP,” and McCormick’s “ STANDARD,” both equal in quality to any twine made. Only a limited quantity left. Send in your orders at once.
A.M
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreekenridge r Eardley Parker’s Crossing f Mohrs Qnyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville Clark's
Campbell’s Bay ? Tank V Vinton Coulonge • Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. t Flag Station
Arrive 9 45
155 PERSONS DROWNED." \
6 0.)
9.21
6.12
9.06
44
6.18
8.58
Terrible Result of a Collision Between two Steamers on the River Volga.
44
6 26
4 S
8.50
INGERSOLL'S FUNERAL A Desolate Scene
despatch received r» vi r*	%» 77 , » M
here today from Nijni-Nnvg«rod, reports .1* ****?' .N- 1 •• Ju,T 2î) —Désola- In the sun a Light-Colored
iii latter sunk, dnnvuing 165 nci'.-ns. Thv e.rt°' {"K6”011’ agnoific About his bier	tnan a tilacic Alpaca
Leave 2.® captain of thv cargo ship has k-en arrest-	three women-!,h widow and his	Garment.
ed for disregarding signal ».	‘w" daughters. To them, the form on the
bier was all that was left of the lather and 1 must call attention to the most husband. They had no hope for future	portant factor to be considered in regard
union, no consolation in Christian faith,	to proper drees for summer—that is, the
no solace in religion. The dreariness, the	necessity fur paying more attention to the
utter loneliness, overpowered those whom	color of the clothing than to its weight
the great infidel left to mourn him. and a	during the day, and vice versa in the j fjgg
number of times they refused to eurren- evening, ” writes Edward B. Warman ii|
(.,iir , AI; j i . v . der to the incinerating urn the one tang- ! ?he August Ladies' Hume Journal
llorivN. nt Five port "c L.-nvd h'is ib‘e thinkr between them and the eternity in addition to his regular summer cloth--wt-vtheart Agnes Hvr/.og in hi- arm-, n of separation. Therefore the cremation in8» wben exposed to the sun, a man tla-h of lightning; struck them. in>tantly of the body did not take j 1 ice until should add thereto a winter everc-a* killing - oth.	When thv bolt	full.	Hormis	Thursday.	(light in color), he could outwalk,
!vv'.rlF'fmi,! iT Ï,.1	l	!	ti	111	Ihu"	The funeral proper was held on Wed- !	work» outwheel, c»u;do a man of equal
couple were to haw l»vviY m itried -Ih'i-Uv! ,ie8drt.V- I: was the most solemn sutren strength, who, instead of the overc a\
They were on thv hunt porti-.-o of the t,er of dead. S'run g men declared wof° a black, unlined, thin alpaca c<-at.
t *.< tal ! that nothing had ever appealed to them I is nut theory. 1 speak from ex«
so strongly before for religion and Chris- pericnce.
i tianity as the utter desolation and hope- 11 My conclusions concerning under lessne.-s of that family of mourners. Not wear are that the weight of authority, as a note of consolation, not a soothing note i we^ ad experience and observation, all • i music, not a prayer for sympathy or fend to the decision that n fair c miprom-igiv help or mercy. I: uas all secular and \ **e.between cotton and wool is the most
rational settlement of the question. 1
believe that during the heated season the underwear for the upper part of the body should consist of the combination of these two agencies. Fur wear while taking vigorous exercise, causing profuse perspiration, I advise a light cotton undergarment and a heavy woolen over-garment.
When one wears a white shirt 1 would advise a woolen underwrap—veiy light; but when one wears a flmncl négligé.* the cotton underwrap is more desirable.”
44
6.37
6.4V
I
6.47
« «
6 22
COLOR OF SUMMER CLOTH-
6.56
«•
i*
8.14
, 6.58
ING
44
S 0*
]
E. HODCINS 6 SON.
44
7.04
6 02
Berlin, duly -7
f
7.26
52
7.45
7.31
I
8.00
7. IS
8 03
7. it
8.12
6.30
44
8.47
l
THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
Mullen's Penury Mings
8.55 Arrive
l
1
im-
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
<
KILLED AS THEY KISSED
Two Lovers Killed by Lightning as they Embraced Each
Other.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENE HA L SUPERINTENDENT
I
3*8
V
a
3
are nuepllefl i: quality anti
J
I
“ If

s

llieir Fences are lire Best.

i
S3
ti
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1899.
u
ou

...
a
a
i ;
Hardware merchants sell these goods and can supply you. If they fail, you write the manufacturers at Dicton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CO., Gen. Agts., Hamilton and Montreal.
SOLD ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
NEW SERVICE. MODERN EQUIPMENT. ! prospective bride's hum
I it y occurred.
Tragic Occurrence in Cape
Breton
01
-
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
ti
Sydney, V. I*»., July ML— ifiair took place	on	after- brief
Loral-st^p-* at all in- I noon. Three young men William Kehoe, No casket or coffin held the well-known
,iv.s M,.„treai 9.5oa..... 'ol:	M,,rris..n s.-tik:U U. figure. It rested on a couch and was
teaii Jet. for Cornwall and points west.	North Syimoy in a small Ik «it. X\ hile covered to the chin with pure white. The
Limited-at ops Alexan-	there they hecmne intoxicated. When	face was exposed	and the features
Montreal il	15 a.m.	Dull	pari nr car”attached?'e> !	returnino *>i»yle and Kehoe became cjUar-	I eared as in life.	On the breast lay
*L s2 JX	i	\ I	Sundays only—stops at	relsome, and tinally clinching, went over-	large red n sa and	around the pillow
® ( •	intermediate stations, j	board, nearly upsetting the boat. Mur-	» border tf fragrant sweet peas.
_________________________________F rison was unable to do anything to resc
e <|	i AT Local — f«r Rockland j them as both men clung to one another in
a 1 UU P	LimiM-Stops’Aààn. !11 frenzied manner, and twice sank bel
3» "re -* V 1 a vie dria and Coteau Jet. neath the waves, they rose to the stir- tot,,	*	_ « Ann	_
For Valleyfleld and all points south of the St. Law- were brothers-in-law. Their 1mmlies have	Lake St. John Waters.
Wn	Kch,eaves.
Wagner sleeping car. Ot:awa to New York.	I Widow and SIX children; Doyle A widow
i; <{£ l> Ai Local-stops at intennedi. and one baby.
Uit)U 1 eliJLe ate stations. Arrive Mon- | treat 9.45 p.m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot » ^ 4 K A Ai Local—from Rockland
i •‘*U AiJl. and intermediate points. Operation to Save him From
_IsHaisi-r.M „, , k
a 1 5	1 A	\rnnv Limited - from	received from St. Petersburg declare	that the first and the last of them	were 1 answered an advertisement about a
at I w«Iv	iA x_/V/il Montreal and pta.	! that no doubt exists in the minds of per-	stripped of their spawn. The eggs	were	new book *? Light of Life, ’ as	the title
o“v	raFlor'^r 8‘01" “ Ale,tandri4 sons in inner court circles that the Czar Plae‘‘d in incubator about Uie 1st No- struck me vety forcibly, and I found t
sàSMiSSL"« ssarAa-‘^z ± Sbw E5HBI
<1 1111	p	Daily Local-from Inter-	P,re- This arrangement will he temper-	them has been almost nil. For the	pur.	the more difficult portions, thus	being a
1 •irl« mediate points. Cornwall,	ary, its permanency being contingent on	pose of stocking the I>ake St. John Rivers ; complete Commentary. It also	contai; e
.«rl^ Turonto and 1>0int' w,8t- IIa« PuU“"> the emperors regaining his health through with salmon, Mr. Bremer is now raising the complete live, of the Apostles ; that ,	„	,	_,	,	_	,
1	an operation-trepanning-which he is	Îo^/Jhe wlmo solar, ,hi, book wa. really two volume* in one, UTOUndS extended and Several H6W buildings
Ottawa Aroprior, S Parry Soncd By.	laf ^wti.n	. .
in 18î*o, was a grievous disappointment to are a cross between salmon and ouanan- i A post Ice were by the renov n xl eculptor, u>10UU 9* Cl Q 6 Cl 10 JrITZ8 LilSt tillS V68#r, priUClp H/11 V the Czar, who had his heart set ou the	iche; Reports brought here by different	j Thorvaldson, these	having been repro- in	T.1VA	St.Oplr	npnflrfmpnt	J
birth of a son. In IK! 17 came Tatiana	«nK^rs sfiow that While1 the salmon fish-	duced and published	in connection with	-Oepartnient.
ulsoa girl and since that time 1ns Majesty Fèsults” ^caTch of ouammk hè In % |he 8 Masterpiece, of the world |	$3,000 Offered 1H PUTS6S for HOFSO RaCOS.
lias prayed incessantly for an heir. The Grande Déchargé this year is heavier than I fam0Ua Llotkhors., Hofmann and li*hn recent birth of a third daughter, followed l»st. Both the C. P. R. and the J^ike St. i engraving*
'	! Jxï^ir «x t:
From Madawaska, Pem- I ^nclioly, and Ins physicians feel that un- Quebec will not make a special show, hut Commentary, and that this book would
broke.	FganviUe,	Ren-	j	leas the pressure on the brain which they	will lend for the occasion to the C. P. R..	have an enormous sale, and as my old i v™ p,i.	t : ?	r>	y,	, „	.	,
J? Sound,	Pern.	I	,h,‘Vti dmgnr’se|(1 « relieved his reason may i	-ome of the trophies of the woods and !	employer, could not	hold out sufficient	„ _	I‘l<t'	nace Programmes, and nil	information concerning the Exhibition.
f.snvm,-, lunfowj bo pcrmun'-ntly impaired.	y	.'' V!0I r ..N‘‘.T inducement to e.ju.l the otter of the , t le Secre,ftr-V'forftl1 information regarding hotel and boarding house rates
to Pari" no	°	**" | Bradley-Uarretson Co. Limited, I eon *nd	elation, consult the Ottawa Evening Journal t	weeks previous to open-
o'uded to give up 44 drumming," and took l,lg of *'}*r	?	¦
hold of “ Ligfit of Life.” I assure you I *' Specially reduced rates on all lines of travel ; friends this change was the wisest I ever I made, and I never shall regret it. If yon want to make money <a»y and fast, write I WM. HUTCHISON, M. P„
! their Brantford Douse for a position like	President.
Trains leave Ottawa Ccntial Depot
a ti.£5 A.M,
ec
Central Canada Exl{ibition Association.
Twelfth Annual
re
fa
a 8.45 A.M
pi
ap
80
a
le
was
Pi
Arrives M-iutrval 11.55 a. in. Pullman parlor car at tavhed.
EXHIBITION
At OTTAWA, ONT
September 11 to 23, 1899,
THE GAMY OUANANINCHE;
da
ch
tic
ca
The Reason he Changed
Situations.
DIE
•9
thl
ch
Que., July 29.—Mr. J. II. Boomer, who now controls nearly all the water in the Lake St. John District, in which ouanan-iche may be found, is taking active measures to maintain the supply his preserves. In his hatch val, he has now no less than
on
11 Did you hear the reason why I left ray old employers, ’ said a drummer the other day to a few friends. To this enquiry they all gathered around, fully expecting to hear a good story as “ Tom,” (familia % ly cilled by his Lier b), ti! el back
TO SAW OPEN CZAR’S
SKULL.
of the fish in ery at Rober-
str
(2) TWO WEEKS !	(2)
wa
000 young
ouanan iche almost ready for planting in rivers tributary to Lake St. John. The par
Metabet-
du
val
This Exhibition is second to none in Canada for...
pla
rat
cot
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION. QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.
vel
B
)
l
“ 5
ped
on
ciat
taw
the
he i
like
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Tiains leave Ottawa Central !'• j ot :
For Arnprlor.
Lgan ville Pembroke, via P P. Hy., Barry's Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.25 P.M
he
tial
8.00 A.M.
Renfrew,

ond
villa
For Arnprior Renfrew. E • anville, Pembroke , Barry's Bay, Madaw?i*ka and in?
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot :
via P
Spectacular :	“ Bombardment of Pekin.”
neec
The
Chu
10.30 A.M;

fn-w. Am
prior and intermediate i
5.50 P.M. 1
Arnprtor and interned late point#
ints
a nu tract of th
! Leutgert, the Chicago sausage maker,
| who died suddenly last week, is reported to have macle n confession of guilt to one
of palmistry,
Ï on. Since !1 le the con
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Russell House Block.
.1 7»
Foil
the suspension of the Bank the Bank Ja
to th
Come First Week and avoid the Rush.
Ville M
ps Cartier has

Frank Pratt. , while his trial was gom Leutgert*# death, Pratt has fei- sion public.
Tif-kvts to Europe nud all part* of the world by a American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook
except Sunday,
fc
coup
accoi
pros]
frien
't 1
Oil its ' iVaw drafts thereon
I
in c
\ I*
:*k exchange
i
of
en
l
tO if#
E. McMAHON,
is rvpoi
a Trains r U Sunday
U t
Secretary.
20 Sparks St»
i
«1
on

mine
1


.jÉÉh
Jh





