###PAGE###1###


v
^r>vT.

;




•


F 1* 4
>



?



%

No. 42.
19 m Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 19)1.
31.00 a Year in Advance.

LOCALS THAT PAY.
LOCALS THAT PAY.
Wantj.d- A good
female apply to
House-Cleaning
. and.....
Renovating
4
'l hk 2 Tail >hh
Mctfu
I

or
(ivy f'*r frinli
ill<l

i y
11.-a I
OTTAWA
XNADA
I t
fui
Vit
(Sit
1
.Judging by the r»kh at A. K. Mrf, everybody and hi# father in Mg* anring 'iilt.
OF CANADA.
*uire h
getting a t
If v
vonr cloth take iik cheap to littv
to Ml
t run
Heal
1 ii.sf
yi
Board of Directors:
Chakleh Maori, Esq. t President. Oman Hay, fkq. ,Vice President.
Hom. 0*0. l-ivtnx, Jr,
Alia. Fruabit. E*q .
l
Homy to rent on Court St., Shu w ville* Apply to MiwMahiA A. Hoix/uth,
An Bam ter Offering One of your photos
taken by Iminox.
1 See tl
; wo Dollars per standard paid for first-class Pine Logs at Elliott’s Saw Mil!, Shav; ville.
CAPITAL - . - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
John Mat#*», f»q.,
• - i •	T)\vn» MuLakkn. H u„
Dun ms Muhpuy, Esq.
,rir* *oap for 25 cent*».
Ml
Apricot*, prune*, fig*, ami all kimls of i at McGuire’s Grocery.
little checks in eight col
£?	1 * for summer, at MeG
I he i uilor.
IM'
I'M.
ï'<
aEOROE BURS’. D. M. FIN NIE
Head O nice, • Montreal.
Gtn
1 M

• •
HI If*' H

I LTUOflH thdNU



• •
f will
pay 92.10 cnsh
standard f«»r Shaw-
Coulthard & g earth

Bren.l.fV
IN ONTARIO:
iCwwstm. K«ni|4v He,
MatUwa,
uVawa,
t r
the best

ci
Oil
'J. J. M < 11

fn
dd ut A* Bulle)
H.
vijJt
Hemlock log h mill. SImwville,
he îMiiil.
HimVVILLE BRANCH,
Alfisi;«lr!a*
Arftprtur,
Avonhjnrr,
Bnwebrltlge,
(’trie ton
,	Th* Frost & Wood Disc Harrow takes
Money loaned on approved security at | the cake. iror sale at A. Smiley s.
Kap Cans.—Large assortment at Dale
Bro*'., Shaw ville.

i-'
1'arry ent$a, IVmbrokt*,
lut Portage,
WinrheiU'f,
do Bank St. Kvafr.-w 4o Rideau St. Toronto,
Hill, SftiUTi Pall#,
IN MANITOBA :
It
nted at McCleary a fl.40 per standard will
¦
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world
>
Now is the time to get ready for housecleaning, and we are in a position to render you great service during this trying time. We have a very complete stock in the following lines :
Mixed Paints, all kinds,
Tinting Colors,
Varnish and Enamels,
Brushes,
Pearline and Sapolio.
Wall Papers Window Shades,
Lace Curtains,
Cretonnes,
Art Muslins.
i
(
he* do not make the man, but we arc * he m* n who can make the clothe®.
Thk 2 Ta i low.
The reason A. R. McGuire sells Milts so cheap is, he Kells to many that he can do :•>- profit.
We ire
Pince,
Hawke sLury,
•	25-1 b. tas)li of Pei fection Kyrup
HAVINGS BANK.	SU5	«"«**/•
Account» opened for amounts of one dol- spcctlon ut À. BuSffry'l" " ''' f '
l.r. and upward,andlntaraatallowed.	Juat reeeivetl a ,jUttntit, ,lf iW|{. 8aJt
Office Fuüiï* . . jo a.m. to 2 r.u. |	J. O. McGitre.
Ili AYI ...	10 A M TO 1 P.M,
F. A. PARKER,
Manager.
for


Dla-.lpd»,
Winnipeg
Portsgr La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC :
Bull,
6hawinigan Falls.
Agroti In Caca,la, New York tel Bank «f Montréal.
Agents in Et. Paul—M< 1 *kai4* Nat Bank. Agents iu Louloti, Eng.—Parr's bank Ltd.
Montreal,
Lael

'filing the best 125 rent Japan len in town. A trial will ronrime you.
McGuire's Grocery
. T. arl. Jamiesons cream rolls, home made
Go to the Palace Grocery for your clover |	«»<l Brown bread, at McGuire’#
and grass seed. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦geBi f

10 mens' Fuit* and 25 pairs of pant* ft» sale at reduced prices.	f||	|

grocery
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Our customers are proving good silver-I Our suite look like if they were made tisemente, for they tell others that we anil for you not to fit the other fellow- hut them.	Thb2Taiix>R8. |jURt you ; and they lo lit. fur
them that way.
we make The 2 Tailors
firm
Mr. Bath, of the “ Two Tailor#

An unknown tramp wan killed hy a C. P. It. «now plow at Pembroke on Fri-1IR 1«‘l UP *i'.h pneumonia, day morning.
See the way wc get up our special
black *uits-quite a surprise in fit, «tjle I WANTED A thousand people to know ®nd trimming, ^^îpHHÏTÀiLOfii I that J have now on hand a fine Ftoek of
pi« : ur.* i.. ulding of different style also an assortment of engraving** and chromos.
.Us. Graham.
Mr. John Hammond, of Bristol town-1 to bo hold tf Vs (Wednesday) evening will I Wanted.-A good servant girl, accu», ship, ham removed to Sturgeon Falk, in I discuss the plane and estimates prepared I tomed to farm work. Apply to 8/\i the vicinity of which place he has pur- by Mr Surtees, 0. E , for a system of | Hodoixs, Shawville. 1 J chased a farm.	waterworks,) sewerage, etc.
Enlarging and copying hy the latest
Provender G,inde,_new_.ll
McIUe < McGuire, Shaw- profit und deal direct with Imibon.I
XL «
Dr .S'Uckhouie, «urgeon dentist, will I Woon Wahtsv.-Before the rniuls <
Rt - hawmile on i ue*lnyt April 10th ; break up we would like to see a material j v;jie (fcmpbelU Lav, on Wednesday, April. increase in *iie dimensions of our wood ^n1'	* artiee will oblige very much hy pile. Anyilie wishing to nay their subcalling va iy.	, acriptittt in t hat way will obfi
:¦» Arthur McConnel, advocate, will he at I inSfm *ortt to do so before the sleighing Bryson on Wednesday, the 17th, and at | X'**' otherwise we must have the cash Shaw ville on Thursday^the 18th of April inst., for the transaction of legal husi
uefis.
Mr. H. S. Barnett left on Thursday morning to visit his father, the Rev. Mr.
Barnett, who has been in a poor state of health for some time.
The local Oddfellows jnicl another visit to their Renfrew brethren last Tuesday, on which occasion several degrees were conferred upon the visitors.
Mr. A. A. Wright, M. P. for South Renfrew, has introduced a measure to provide for a new form of ballot paper, the chief feature of which is that it will contain the picture# of the candidates.
Mr. M. Shea has bJ master at Sheen thro i tion* of Mr. Murray. The position was previously held by Mr. M. Hayes, mayor of Sheen, etc.
Mr. W. T. Earl of the Palace Grocery, has gone to spend his Easter holidays with his parent*. He expects to visit Brock ville, Toronto and other western cities during his absence
I

9
No matter what shape or style vou require we can suit you. It is our business to do so and we know how.
As the sun melts the snow so dull
ige by mak-1 when you get your photo at Jmi-
, son's.
The 2 Tailors.
,	, Leave your measure soon for the older* («.J1 V* 1 n-î dvrs write J. R. her-
t-o buy what we need. This is our last are piling in. and we don't want to keep	,|,,d -• ,s*	Arnprior, Ont,,
appeal and we hope parties interested i you waiting. When we say we make it j - li‘ information. Coupon tickets to will take held to it.	* |iov » certain date we mean it and stick to all lwrts of the world. Parties going to
it. Punctuality is one of our watchwords. | Northwest write for " Settler's ”11
The 2 Tailors!
guide.
It is etate^l by those who were there that considerable thievery was resorted to during the tire at Bryson on Wednesday last—both of liquor and goods from the Turpain' building, and that the ilk-ptima&e acquisition of the former made itself unimsvtkeably manifest during the I afternoon. One enterprising individual | 0 Ivsci ibedl
tended wit the appears
map
E. Hudgins «Sun are shewing sted suit at 811 00 which is equal in qual ity and workmanship to any $15.00 suit.
Curtain Nets,
Art Satines,-Curtain Poles, Stair Plates, Etc.
* n
wor-
It is really wonderful how the* and navy serge suits for men, hi hired by E. Hodgina &
... i l /	dollars.
black now Sun, can be

regular
*
BR i SON.
Mrs. Delpitt Wins
having his shirt bo disait of flasks a« to give it of a life preserver.
19 c
88
wee
i
Bryson, March 29.—A destru^^^M broke out in Mr. <\ Turpain’a hotel, onl Mr. W.dlier Hudgins got a very bad the coiner of Cobb and Clarendoyt^, shaking up ,ui Monday in oonaeqUence of	c-m.-sday morning, about
: h -rse Luc mm-frightened at a mat-	winch rvstdted
treas which; was thrown into his cutter ! VM.l “V!,n °1fziv “ ,u‘\ A.n<* M»- A m. H. Del pit. to remove it a short- distance from Mr. i I Keh reKidmice mm ljiacksmiu ah >p judgiv.'
George Hynes’. Thu animal started wi bo^Jr .!	?», T"* "	cmri ^ the" law in marriages
and threw Mr. Hodguia with great force u\’ 11 1 kr'l ':,LS’ *• Stewart Hart s fect t«i the ecclesiastical judgment
against a do* in front of the Russell res.dence and shop, and Mr. W. H. Jered in the case, which
House. Hi suffered considerable damage « 111x1 s j , v[ w.er® m ll,?n?me/1t ! The judge stated that the state had to one oar and had his face otherwise cut ^ §t : ‘	. J1™ boen high the right to interfere with the internal laws
and bruised. The man’s injurie* were * lub‘ ^n ral part of the v.,age would 10f any church of any creed, but parties in at once attended to by Dr. Alexander, to ‘iVe ,t‘,,ns^1Ut*'. ¥r< 1 urpainis ah- Uhe church had a perfect right to go to
Th. old	building W Urn	~	2	|	" - "“H*1 *
demolished to make room for the propos- The Oensv*.—'The work of taking the the guests. 1 he lose on the hotel will be His Honor held thaMhern	h«
2 s. sia. tî t-.85 azr&RT
«MWBSfcâBi
There is « bogus «2 Dominion Bunk *• power t, âne you if you do not give The engmoereinre busy at work httmg bill in circulation in Toronto. Several th« re., . wd an,.era. He will en- «P the ateamer Pembroke for the season s
SSEsEsSrs te"
» b,. g», l ...i tamo,.,».,,,,, tessjtr* sa	" "
While workmen were removing a cellar to any one. The Government are ev - their destination.	Quebec and Montreal papers please copy,
wall at Poultney, Vt., on Wednesday, deutly out for a lot of information be- A party of engineers are surveying hero they came upon an iron post in the cellar sides the m re counting of noses in this zdong the route of the proposed Georgian and handcuff* that held a woman fast, Canada of pure.	| Bay canal,
found among a pile of human bones.
This has been a mystery for seventy years, evidence which points to murder of Perry Borden s young wife in 1831.
in
0 li i (
If
il, March 30.—Judge Archi-I an elaborate judgment in urt thi.> uiuiumg in the uige cutf maintaining the
I f by W.
eilf !
i
vti >

balci ix
the Piactise C j tel nit l
»
t; i


eight
Buy here and you satisfactory. We are here to please you.
>ri!2 Sfi-:-. everything
i ;
miinece

.vs
•Kh- rn of legal pfrilttc
¦
li


t
logy* 4Î n of the I
en appointed post-
gh trio représenta-

the decision
i
J. H. SHAW.
ren
meant divorce. :
no
)

P. S. Timothy, Clover and Carden Seeds.
1
I
The


SPRING MEDICINES.
There is no season when a good medicine is so much needed as in Spring, and there is no better Spring medicine than SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA.
I


III
9

Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH. Pastors—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A.,
About 9 o'clock on Wednesday mom I	à	- Pu. D. Rev. W. n. Jobuetou.
iog iMk mMliguuov came from Bryson	Mr. 8am Smith and Mr. Hiram Ha,nil 8 mb*?,	»?"¦?'*' * m : 7'p ™"
a
favorable About half an hour after the boys departed a message came that the fire was under control, thus rendering out side assistance unnecessary, but the Shaw ville lx>ys, unaware of this struggled un through the yielding snow drifts and finally reached the county town to learn
GREERMOUN T.
SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA
Is a highly concentrated extract, every dose containing the utmost curative vrlue which experience of the past and knowledge of the present and the most pain taking care by thoroughly educateaPharmicists can possibly esmenIrate into it.


SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA.
This
preparation has had the long continued approval of the best Physicians and it is expressly put up to meet the need of a BLOOD PU HI FI EH without being related to the many secret nostrums and quac k medicines of the day of unknown compositions and little medicinal value.
I


Cleanse Your Blood,
Begin taking It to-day,
SPRING’S
SARSAPARILLA
Saw logs 17 feet and under in length, per thousand feet board measure.......................


cannot do without—tu which he states that his " three years’ residence in the prairie ptovine© has been eminently satisfactory, and is not sorry at having moved out there to live.
6 cents

School Reports.
M t
Red and While Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet nd un-
f’L A RENDON NO. 3.


Grade V.—1# Annie Fulford; t, Berths der 30 feet long, per thousand
Quinn. Grade I.—I, Gertrude Carey; feet board measure..................
2, Robert Stark ; 3, Mabel Maitland. .	,	m
Grade III—1, Katie Crick and Flossie	Pine, Tamarac,
flatted, 30 feet long and^ip-irards in length, per thousand feet board measure...........
14 It is mighty queer,' nays
oï* heir hiiidVt’»nd th»'‘L? when that the de-^er wee paet end the* their
SjjuieEas'3 -Safe#-*
rsE^=2f
ssBSSSge sæas-lffil
an ei-
Will do you a wonderful amount of good.
74 cents


round or
Fulford, equal; 2, Ida Stark ; 3, Amelia Stark. Grade II-l, Kthel Stark; 2,
Louisa Stark and Mary Crick, equal; 3,
Loyd Fulford Grade I.—1, Herbert Pryse;2, Hu bert Dean; 3, John Cox.
C. Carmichael, Teacher. |Red and White Pino, Tamarac,
Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet

THE DRUG STORE,

some
9 cents


SHAWViLLE.


Reports from Edmonton District say that seeding is well under way in that


. 30 cents
straight.

<











¦
)
\
1
%


l V.:
	


###PAGE###2###


ordlr of court precedence.
MOST PEOPLE LOPSIDED.
iiig caro to whisper lest any one might ba listening at the door. " We must
THE CROWN TO BE USED
I

-à
\
llriubrr* of the Royal Famll)
IMflerenrr* Between the l e b#, C/ei **â E.tn ni lien nuit Women.
The two sides of a person’s fans art never alike. The eyes arc out of line in two oases out of five, and one eye is stronger than the other, in seven persons out of tdn. The right ear is also, as a rule, higher than the la£l„
Only one person in fifteen has par-foot eyas, the largest percentage of defects prevailing among fair-haired people. Short sight Us more common in town than among country folk, and of all people tho Germans have the largest proportion of short-sighted persons.
The crystalline len* of the eye is ths one portion of tho human body whicK continues to Increase in nise through* out life and does not cease with the attainment, of maturity.
The smallest interval of Bound can
Hew l In*	..	1
MniiU In King Mwnrd• New Court.
order of court precedence
manage by hook or crook to catc h a and let him carry our appeal for help to the outside world.”
" A magnificent idea I If we can catch one 1 do believe you’ve raved us I”
But to catch n mouse was easjgr said than dene. Though the ruUiu
sidcraVle time to come, there will be	,lH„ ''“unnlog? th»tV try
Ah I r&fa yet to be dU-overed. Hut n"	¦’‘to keep us prisoners, how^w. v.mld,	xveie
bottom dollar it then, do you f Very well. Mr. t ™ ,.ewnrdcdi nnd after a little niruggle
dergast, be assured of this, wnon i
as|do get loose I’ll make you (cel the
weight of my arm.”
" I think it’s very probable there
other point, llo you remember my will ba a fight if ever we do meet,
tr? r ç ïæ-s
standing in the roadway watching man w*rth fighting, Mr. Halt eras.
" If you think my father will let me reman* here very l mg you’re mm i mistaken,” said Beckenham. "And a> fat the ransom you expect him topa>,
* don’i somehow fancy you 11 g‘‘l *l halfpenny.”
At the mention of the word "im ” I noticed that a new and queer
into our raptor’s face.
j
QUEEN VICTORIA’S CROWN WILL BE WORN AT THE CORONATION.
iou>.e
^ The Man Who Knows. K
'WWlPWltt WWWW
Tho new is as follows : A—1, Queen
Alexandra; 2, Victoria of Russia ; 3, Empress
wife of . Em-
us Mutt
of I*r<rltf4i* aiwaea—Hie ioU 1 o*Uy f'rewa In Knrnpr — Lillie l*erln«ai * laleeil at #s,(M>t»,oo;>.
At the coronation of King Kdwnrd
U* Ceil Was $l,HM.ono -A ms
Alice, Csirina A liguât e of Germany paror William ; 4, Victoria Adelaide,
Dowager Empress of Germany, eldest VII. and Queen Alexander 4 crowns daughter of Queen Victoria. Princess will bo used. The chief one, known Uoyul 0f Great Britain; 5, Mary of I held my precious captive aa Queen Victoria1* crown, will the Tpck princesa of Wales, formerly in my h ind By this tin... an- Qne aohmlly in tho ceremony of	0f York ; 0, Louise Victoria,
ov* wanted to bring NiUia and his crowning the king; the second one Duchess of Fife, eldest daughter of gang to justice, and to diacavcr will be used in crowning the queen t)l8 sovereign ; 7, Victoria Alexandra, thoir reason fv<r hatching mis plot ©©na©,.^ and the other two will be Be€ond daughter of the sovereign; 8,
î£‘Sbj”,«t SoU tor°* h^and81 worn l>y tl“'ir ma jo,tied during the Mliu(1 Charlotte, third daugbler.wifo must uwn, hn spite our long im* «orvioex following the actual crown- u( prine© Charles of Denmark, 9, primminent, I was weak enseigh to ing.	Mary Victoria, daughter of tho new
f<ivl a curuhity as to their motive. These, together with the Sword of praac© 0f Wales, and tho two da ugh-
izklZz"./-""" z: J“«rs.“trïï T“r,^-...
•• I’liifs letter concerns ychi more dcr of the Earl Marshal of England, re^gDing family ; 10, Louise Margaret, be better distinguished with one ear than me,”. I said to my felldxv-pris- Qro tho clL3(ody of the Dean of wife of Prince Arthur, Duke of Con- than with both. Tho nails of two fin* uner. TUvvj yofu a lead pencil m	.	during the coronation naught ; 11, Helena, Princess Chris- gers, never grow with the same rap*
yviur pa ketr	,	.	.	tian, daughter of Queen Victoria ; 13, idity, that of tho middle finger groxv^
lie had, and immediately threw it services.	Beatrice. Princess of B.ittenberg, | ing the fastest, while that of the
avretts to inc, I lien, taking a gmall The Queen Victoria crown, al.^o cal • daughter of Queen Victoria ; 14, thumb grows the slowest.	,
p‘i*co (if paper from my pocket, I set ^ fltatc crown, is a dazzling mass Grandduchess Marie of Russia, widow In fifty-four cases out of a hundred
rs» wsÆ?£ 5 NRffiS.sssraiï' spz	tt
rompanltin	man, ol them hero mtcrrohng ms ^ of Alba'y>	man male skeleton weigh - went,
“If this shew Id moot the eye of the tories. There i* a magnificent sap- (V_Xhe ©EUdrem and wives of the pounds; those of a woman are six individual to whntm n young English- phire which is said to haw come from children of tho Principes Royal, now pounds lighter.
man gave half a scvoroign m chanty ^ ring of ]^vvara the Confessor. Dowager Empress of Germany ; 10, That unruly member, tho tongue ol
m...................» ..p-
v„u must not imagine that we lx.<\n imjwucned over Bincc that day phirea, eleven emeralds, four rub.es, o( prus8ia . 17 yictorin, wife of I’rinoo of equal si*e and wight. It may lx less for words, and the Marquis x\as w|sj1 to starve you,” he said, “hood in tho ruobn with the blank xvall fac- wbioh one belonged to the Black Adolphe of Schaumburg-Lippe ; 18, So- appalling to reflect, but it is never-, still too weak to keep up an animated will bo served to you twice a day. And ing the street and t he beorded-up | pr.Qoe t(mr drop-shaped pearls, 273 phia Dorothea, wife of tho Duke of thelcss true, that the muscles of the
indulge in any idea of escape. Com- to the m>:n by inea/nfs or the Mna monda,	Louis of Battcnburg; 20, Elisabeth, telligiblc ground for our idea of
“My poor father !” he said. What m unicat ion with the outside xvorld is p. pc leading through the hank xv	^Vith all this ma 4s of jewels the Grand-duchess Sergiun of Russia; 21, beauty the proportion bctxveen the
ms.yss&u-i. -*.**.-urs*:m“" nratlsiaîütk
stand a good strain before they will through the aperture thus made. On ounces. It wax xnado in 1338 for Queen K__^-hUdren ()f tbc^Duko of Ed in- is never found in tho female American give way. If you behave yourselves receipt of too file an hmglLs i nx - victoria's coronation from jewels tak- jjUr,rjlt 22, Maria Alexandra Victoria, limbs are more symmetrical than having listened to n.y advice. What a you will be well looked after; but if JKiuid n^te will be	o jiu M from old crowns ttnd U valued at wifn’of the Croxvn Prince of Roumania; those of any other people. Tho rock-
===—: wm**t	H™" IllSSifis ilwHiS
that. I am sun. my father would hold So saying lie li ft the room, taking txv.n ccmoected before ttw door «as ^ b nQt thc moat c03tly roya 1 crown ise Augusta, daughterlot Princess He- toes give to keep the chair in motion
SsSSf	massË###
aa :i*ie,=
wsÊsmmm
liai
’	— i %%%%' 25SÏÏ
as significant, and that was the cir-  ? — stitution and lawn of the country.
every morning he- ANOTHER CONSUMPTION CURE. Nor is it a matter of course that a
Czar should be crowned, though Nicholas and hii
with great pomp at Moscow Czar being a religious a3 well as a temporal lord, the croxxn in shape is modelled after a bishop's mitre.
Again, in this case, a sapphire is the most beautiful stone in the crown.
There are five diamonds resting on a magnificent ruby, which form the cross surmounting the crown.
Outside of Europe the croxvn becomes a rarity.
ample, possesses no crown, coronation being unknown in Turkey. In place of this is substituted the investiture of tho monarch with the sword of
the Sultan xvith the words: "Take it with faith, for yo have received it
from God.”
The Shah of Persia haaf a croxvn, if such it can be called, xvhioh is variously described as resembling a flower pot and a bonnet. The small end is open, thc other closed. It is made of cloth of gold, with string* of hanging precious stones, with here and there tufts of feathers, ornamented by diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls.
At tho top is set xv hat is perhaps thc greatest ruby in the world, an uncut, absolutely flawless stone as large as a hen's egg.
CHAPTER VUE—Continued

you may bet your
part of their devilish coni’m as certain of that
was some
miiracy
that we are here now. Now here's an-
V
us.”
" Are you certain ? How could he Have got here ? And what could bis reasons be for watching usf”
"Why, can't you sec f To find out lfow his plot is succeeding, to bo
BUTti.”
" And that brings us back to our original question—what is
plot r
" That's rather more difficult to answer 1 Hut if you ask my candid opinion 1 should say nothing more nor less than to make you prisoner and blackmail your father for a ransom,” For some few minutes neither of us
SOUl
expression came He did not reply, however, except to
utter bis usual irritating laugh. Having done so lie went to tho door, and called something in Arabic. In answer a gigantic negro made liis appearance, bearing in his hands a tiay on which were pet two basins of food and two large mugs of water. These were placed before us, and Prend' !-gast bade us, if we were hungry, fall
that
to
spoke. The outlook seemed too hopc-
i
But presently ho looked up again
And what worries me more," I an-
swered, "is how he will regret over

?
4
der
British women are enid to avcragg two inches more in height than Americans. Averages for the height of women show that those born in Rummer and autumn are taller than thosl born in spring or winter. Tho tallest girls are born in August. '
As far as boys are concerned thos# who first see tho light during autumn and winter are not so tall as those
Those

" To the first my answer is, * don’t know,’ to the second, 1 can’t nay.’

L

BAT HINTS.
The woman with one hat should not garnish it with ostrich plumes—there plenty of other feathers at her command that are much more appropriate.
It is folly to expect a hat decked with anything so perishable as ostrich feathers to live up to all round requirements. Even chiffon and tulit rosettes, which seem utterly good fo; nothing to the majority of women, will usually look better at the end of a hard season than will the averagi
are
my


me


ostrich tips.
There are exquisitely breasts which trim more modisblj than the ostrich tip, and remain thing!
of beauty much longer.	.
Then there’s fur, which will, ureal,
stand wind, rain and snow.
Some of the handsomest hate an made almost entirely of shaped felt, as durable as it is stylish.

This valuable
shaded
«I
SPRING LASSITUDE
ing.”
True enough n heavy footfall was
¦mi
®	¦	¦	mg meal enlightenment came to me.
I remembered the man whose piteous tab had so touch affected Beckenham on the day of our arrival and the sound his crutches made upon the pavement as he left us. If my surmise proved correct, and we could only manage to communicate with him here was a golden opportunity. But how were we to do this? We discussed it, and discussed it, times out of number, but in vain. That he must be stopped on his way down the street need not to be argued at all. In what way, however, could this be done? The window was out of the question, the door was not to be thought of ; in that case the only communicating place would be the small pipe by my side. But as I have already pointed o»ut, by reason of the elbow, it would be clearly impossible to force a message through it. All day we devoted ourselves to attempts to solve what seemed a hopeless difficulty like a flash another brilliant inspira tioQ burst upon me.
" By Jove, I have it 1” I Bald, tak
nsort were crowned
The
Bu

Turk Pliytlclnn flelm» He Fou ml n Urn! < are.
Dr. George M. Barney, of New York, has discovered a cure for consumption which is attracting world-wide interest. The treatment is based on powerful chemical compound and is administered in three ways—by the
And all the Debility and Depression ol This Trying Season can be Avoided by the Use of Dr. Chase's Nerve
Food.
and enriching the blood and .toning ^ food curc instead of tearing up the system in spring, or after a down the tissues of the body, it builds long illness, none can approach in them up, renews the nerve ce ils, foi ms
tbe great b.ood bui.der .ad nerve re- to^tb.	^	end
mmmm
part of the human frame.
You may have made the mistake of using salts or other strong and weakening purgatives in the spring. Such treatment can never build up and strengthen a weakened and rundown system. The habitual use of •altf docs more to shorten life and hasten 11
excretory organa than any custom you can name.
Tho blood is thin and watery in the spring and demand* of natxlro just I «u h rT't*r«Uve ingredients as are
Now
a
mouth, hypodermically and in vapor form.
Dr. Barney’s theory is that bacilli cannot exist, when the system is saturated with a powerful antiseptic. The doctor has made an exhaustive study of tuberculosis in all its forms, and has spent much time in his investigations in sanitariums, both as medical attendant and student. He is convinced that the germs of consumption cannot ba rooted out by climatic change ; it might cause the germs to dormant for a while, but it
The Sultan, for ex-
way
Strolled into thc centre of the room.
" Good-morning, gentlemen,’* he said with an airy condescension that stung like an insult; "I trust you have no fault to find with the lodging our poor hospitality is able to afford you.”
" Mr. Prendergast,” I answered, determined to try him with the name of the man mentioned by my sweetheart in her letter. "What does this mean ? Why have wo been made prisoners like this f I demand to be released at once »wer to our consul for this detention.”
For a brief space he appeared to be dumbfounded by my knowledge of his name. But he soon recovered himself and leaned bis back against the wall, looking us both carefully over before he answered.
, " I shall be only too pleased,” he said sneeringly, "but if you’ll allow me to say so, I don't think wc need trouble about explanations yet •while.**
" Pray, what do you mean by that? ’
"Exactly what I say ; as you are JUk#>*'U Si oitr guests 'or some con-
The sabre id girt around




remain	¦ ¦¦ ¦	i
could not completely destroy them. For this reason ho does not believe in the sanitarium of to-day.
Complete cures have already been effected the patient gaining rapidly in weight and vigor in each case. The proportion of cures is remarkable, the doctor claiming to per cent., while Professor Kock, of Berlin, claims to only 13 out of every hundred.
Dr. Barney will not keep the formula a secret, but intends to give the medical association, the benefit of his labors, believing that the discov-will aid materially in counteracting tbe inroads made by coosumv-t-ioDi
You will have to an-
childron.	,
There will be no pimples, humor*
or skin eruption* if you keep the
No craving of the blood
blood pure.	¦ -M
and nerves for nourishment if you use
this favorite prescription of Dr. A. W. Chase. The pain*, aches, weaknesses and irregularities of other springs will bo unknown to you If you reconstruct and rcinvigoratc thc system by the use of Dr. Chase’s Nerve l ood, Fifty run La a box, at all dealer*, ov Edmanson, Bates & Ompany, Tor.
cure
of thc filtering and
CAN’T LAST FOREVEIL
Hopley—What seem* to trouble your
baby t	.
Popley, wearily—I suppose it troubles him to think that eventually he'll have to go to sleep at night.
rum

Then
cry
onto.
/
<
S
L
j
J-x

t
té
###PAGE###3###
/

-r
/
I
l


u

a


IS MERRY OLD ENGLAND,
ter quartern, ni much am possible, and let them lie in the pa*lure and under the shade tree* Nothing is better than sunshine as a disinfectant and germ, destroyer and the arrangement. of hog boused and sleeping places In particular should b - such as will admit the greatest amount of sunlight. Uoware of those that are dark gloomy and damp.
ÿMW.Wi'.WMVMMN	UW
[Agricultural I
(HJSEHOLD.

-
a
INTERESTING NEWS OF JOHN BULl
AND HIS PEOPLE.
r

#
Il
I
î
KEKD TUB GRASS CHOP.
There Ls but little doubt that thin crop might bo very largely increased in yield if proper method* of culture were understood and carried out, writes M r. J. A. Telling hast. Thorough preparation of the soil, good deed in sufficient quantity, with on abundant supply of proper food at tlic right time arc the essentials for a good crop. For maximum yields, a rotation in which this crop occupies the land for about three years will usually t>« found satisfactory, although some soils may bo profitably kept in grass for a series of years by
judicious top-dressing
ing after potatoes, or some other hoed crop that can bo removed in time to allow the grass to make sufficient growth to stand the winter well, gives better result# as a rule than spring seeding.
A method that has proved eminently satisfactory is as follows: Plow after potatoes, not later than Sept. iG if possible, and if land be acid, apply air-slaked lime at the rate of one to two tons per acre«anJ thoroughly harrow into the soil. At the same time apply broadcast a# evenly as possible 100 lbs. nitrate of soda, 800 lbs. float* and 50 lbs. muriate of potash. Harrow until the soil is in fine, mellow condition and sow winter rye, about 1.1 bu. per acre, as a heavy seeding is net desirable, It is sown more as a protection to the grass than to obtain a crop of grain.
Make the field thoroughly level, smooth with a woedcr, and sow timothy and red top, using clean seed, at the rate of 15 and 7.5 lbe respectively, with weefler and roll ver the following spring in March on a light snow or before the ground is permanently thawed, at the rule of 7.5 lbs. per aero and roll a* soon as can be done without injuring the sod by trampling.
Uye may be top-dressed with about 1JI> ihs. nitrate of soda p.r acre after it has begun to tiller, and a fairly good crop of grain and straw will
generally be secured grass the first • ison with 300 lbs. nitrate of soda, 800 lbi. acid phosphate mkI 150 lbs muriate of potash per acre
p-dressing üü:> lbs. nitrate of soda, G'JU lbn acid phosphate and 150 lbs. muriate of potash par acre. broadcast very evenly early in the season as soon as the grass has fairly begun to grow, selecting a time just before a light rain or shower, if poasi-
Ileronl of OrrnrrfUff» In llir	fb**
U'lffni Supimii; In I be < viiinirrclal W.irlil.
Lord Du D don a Id, who went out to
South Africa, with his hair quite dark, returned with it almost white.

AN AFTBRNOON LUNCIiKON
MM
El

Si'*
,ï
m
8tu£f<ul Dates — Purchase 2 lbs. elate*, separate them carefully and remow the stone* from each
h
Fill the
OUT OF THE DEPTHS
Ü
space with kernel* of hickory nuts or
walnuts, which may he bought ul-
nlready prepared. A quarter of a pound of the kernels will fill 2 lbs After thi* has been done, roll
»
IS
li\

J
The death is announced of Lieut.-
Am Ini'hlrnl of Life In Ibn World#
Mrlropoll*.
Wi
Wr>
Col. James Charley Maberly. who for-An English missionary whose work wer 1 y commanded the Royal Scots
lies principally -among the un for t u -	y h.
dates
each dale in granulated sugar until well coated dish.
t

#
Ttie Queen's private wealth yielded
an income of about £200,000 yearly, exclusive of £385,000 annually from Parliament.

nates of I ho London police courts one day noticed three women in the waiting-room for female prisoners. They had all been arrested as “drunk and disorderly rough, strong creatures, not much depressed by their situation, but the other was delicate and refined.
Serve in a small glass
«%
Vanilla Cookies—Mix together with the hands 1 lb sugar, 1-2 lb butter,
1	eggs, 1-2 teaspoon baking soda, and
2	tea.spoon* vanilla. After mixing
until thoroughly creamed, stand away
in a cold place until the next day.
Roll very thin and bake in a hot oven. The cukes must be closely watched or they will burn quickly. Do not fail to let the mixture stand away for a day, as it will then roll very much thinner than if baked ns soon as mixed. Hvforc baking, sprinkh' tlv cake with sugar. A few chopped peanuts and almonds, mixed and sprinkled over the tops, will add greatly to their appearance.
Cream Mints—Take 2 teacup*
grenulnted sugar. Pour over it 1-2
cup boiling water and stir until the
sugar i*t well incited, but do not touch
after the mixture has begun to boil.
Watch carefully and boil exactly eight minutes. Five drop* of extract (not oil) of peppermint should be stirred in after it 1* removed from the fire. Drop on waxed paper and stand away until the next day, then dip into melted chocolate. A knitting needle makes a nice “handle" for the dipping.
Hid Queen Victoria lived another
day sht# would have died on the anniversary of the death of her father, the Duke of Kent.
Six hundred and seventy out of
every 1,000 Englishmen who wish to enlist are accepted. In France average is GJ2 of conscripts; in Spain
Two of them were
V
Full sved-
They were all tried, found guilty, and sentenced to pay a fine of ten shillings each were released, bat the delicate one had no money and was placed in a cell.
the
The two paid and
821
It is said that in a short t.me Oxford will bo in possession of one of thf
finest telescopes in the world. A largo tower is being built for its accommodation.
Mr. Leslie Stuart, the composer of
the stirring song, "Soldiers of the
Queen," was at one time a Manchester organist, and was known a* Thomas fiarrett.
London is to have a department store of the American type. A member of a New York firm is to or-ganii3 it, at the request and under the patronage of Sir Thomas Lipton,
At the Exeter Hall meeting of the
There on the wall some previous occupant, in the strength of new resolutions or moved by a spirit which trouble could not quench, had written In a bold hand the courageous motto,
%
“Nil desperandum''—Never give up.
When the missionary called on the woman sentenced for drunkenness he saw that the motto had caught her eye, and that she had written another
Dorns miscreatur“
—God have pity—were the words. The missionary wa* hardly seated when the jailer appeared. The young woman was free, he maid. Her fine had United Methodist Free Churches, to been paid. The two women who had con8ider their attitude on the drink been with her in court had pawned traffic, a resolution was passed stat-their coats to get the money, and they jng (hat ..tbe attitude of the church came and took h#>r away.	should be one of dtdiberate and un-
Scarcely a month later the mission- compromising hostility."
% ‘KK? “ST ‘a	. The ’,-k. ». Argyll, 1, I. .t.M.
standing before it, and the same two is writing hi* fathers memoirs. The who had paid the other's fine camei work will probably take about three out of the house and entered the only, years, as there is a huge mass of
. Ibcy were . correspondence. The late Duke was dressed in simple mourning an<l ear- preparing a volume of reminiscence^ ried wreaths in their hands; and a I- at (hp tiine of his death and his MSS. though it was midwinter, there were wiJ!t ^ course, be used by his son.
money snmr- A»a«Uorth.pr,»,.tk,.«t«,..,l,
bow—(iod only knows how, as lie | to wild animals has just become cf-
nlonc knows how much of hood re-1 fee live in England
the weakest
His eFeatures,
Ills infinite mercy.
o
line beneath it
s
»!

§8r
• *
*

Fudge—Grate 2 square* unsweetened chocolate, put into n chafing dish or saucepan, and add 1 cup, half a pint, of milk
mixture is like syrup, then add 2 cups granulated sugar and 1 largo tablespoon butter
the fire beat and stir rapidly until almost cold, then cut into squares.
Remove from the pan when perfectly coll.
Lemonade—In making lemonade, it
« always beat to uso a syrup made known in feahion eirclea as the Bishop
mr,u . : sugar and 1-2 cup water, ha. been revived, and i, paramount (or
tW, sprrn,. The leg. tight tlttln,
the syrup. Add enough ice water to sleeve, technically known as tho Dcs-
mnke it the right flavor. A large ; demona, has by no means been a ban-
piece of ice should ba put into ‘be | domed as has by some been predicted.
U, 1 it served from a punch bowl. | ^ M ^ pUj peùond;iry part. 0ne
of the features of the spring styles and a Iqr no means unimportant one, is
Vllmond cups make u foundation for lll).	coverings for the arm
ra.fiua („„„	To «.k. ”"“k	:
cri:"::
ribbon are what the ultra fashionable demand. f
A glance at the accompanying sketch shows a group of styles which will be all worn by well dressed women. The most novel of tho lot is the pouched genie

\li
%
per acre Run over very lightly 1, Sow red clu-

Let boil until the
W



Su

When removed from
mourners carnage

$
*
VARIETIES IN STYLISH SLEEVES.
The Eugenie elceve which reigned sleeve, ending with ribben ends and supreme forty years ago, when it was gilt ferrets just below the curve of
the elbow. This certainly is extreme and for It U predicted a short reign. A long close sleeve caught just below the turn of tho elbow with a fancy buckle, which marks the point whereat the lower half of the arm covering flares Is another fad. The enormously broad cuff extends well over the wrist, but beneath it peeps the cloudy fulness of a silk, muslin or lawn under
4
The new law
I extends the provisions of the act whom He ju Igo* in which has heretofore applied only to
domestic animals, to all birds, fishtl and reptiles, not included in that measure, and makes offenders liable to three months* imprisonment or a fine of £5.

lop-dress the
1 he following «casons usa as
BOTH CAUSE AND CURE.
Some forms of muscular rheumatism arc attributed to the pressure of electricity stored in the tissues, according to Sir James Grant, an eminent English physician. For some -years he has treated such cases by inserting fine steel needles into the muscles, and ho avers that the oleriri-yity being drawn off, relief comes almost instantly. The Chinese have an elaborate system of treatment which utilisas this idea. ,
It is sail that Lord Roberts is the first man who has ever been entitled to wear both the Garter and the Victoria Cross. He is the first who haf ever worn (he Cross and has been both a Knight of the Garter and St. Patrick, and the unique distinction may fairly be taken as pymbohcal of the unique services which he has rendered the Empire.
General Sir William Drysdale, K, C. 13., who has just died at the nga of 81, was a familiar and very unobtrusive figure in London the end he wan an energetic pedestrian, who for years lived on little beside mük, with an occasional slice of bread, lie was exceedingly agreeable and well informed, though not addicted to society.
There has been established in London a research laboratory for the invest Lgation of the nature and the cause of cancer, a disease that one never
hears mentioned without thinking of its essentially hopeless and fatal nature. Some cases are cured no doubt by early operation, but the mortality from the ailment, is not only very great, but it is increasing year by year.
There arc only four statues in the United Kingdom erected to the memory of women other than royalties. The first statue of a woman erected in England was that of Sister
Dora, the Walsall nurse ; the second that of Mrs. SLddons, the third
Apply
QUARTET OF GOOD THINGS
sleeve.
Buckled sleeves promise to bo one of the chief features of the fancy cloth coats worn through March and April, while numbers of tho ailk trimmed cashmeres will have odd puffs of taffeta ballooning below the elbow from the outside of the sleeve proper.
Lie

I
Plenty of easily a va il abb food, supplied at the earliest possible moment that the plant can mo it. is the secret of largo crop.i, especially iu a dry season
s
I

Over four tone per acre of well-cured hay of thp very finest quality was secured in one instance, even in the dry season of ‘00.
If the farmer has low land*, difficult to cultivate, which he wishes to seed to grass it may bo advantageously done by plowing in Aug. or early Sept., as deeply a* tho soil will permit, turning under a heavy dressing of manure
sour, apply a dressing of air-slacked lime at the rate of one or two tons per acre, which should bo thoroughly worked into the soil precaution to allow the land to lie two or three days before seeding to remove all possible danger of “burn-
A light application of nitrate of soda, acid phosphate and muriate of potash harrowed in wilt give the gras* a quick start and help it to reach the manure for further food supply.
Seed with timothy and red top at about tho same rate* as above men- Superintendent — The city, tinned and if a light seeding of bar- owns the St. Fashion Flats, ley is also used it will act as a mulch	My goorines.s! Why is he here?
through the winter, protecting the	lie charges such high rents that
grass plants through the freezing and they have been empty since the secthawing weather of spring. If clover second year.
is desired, sow in March, following, Hum ! He seems to be on familiar but if not wanted the quantity of footing with a good many of the
r paupers.
Yea, they are the people who wero his tenants the first year.
until smooth and thick cups of tho paste and bake in a slow When served the cups may be filled with any sort of fancy custard, or whipped cream.
A cocoanut sponge is another dain-
Make little
THE USES OF RELIGION,
Politics, observed I, is seemingly your religion.
It was my purpose to he extremely unkind.
You are wrong 1 protested the man. I have a wife and four grown daughters, and what would they do at : Easter had I no religion save politics?
I regretted my ha id words now. I asked him would he forgive me. He answered that he would think it over and let me know the first of the week.
A full-mouthed cylinder of dotted
chenille to the elbow, from which a full bag extends to an embroidered cuff clasping the wrist is one of the most popular expressions of the Eu-
1
Until
oven
If the soil be acid or
ty and easily made drih. To a pint of rich milk add two heaping table- is caused by the condition of the cel-
hpoonfuli of cornstarch, three tabic-1 lar. Not unusually tho cellar open*
into the kitchen. This would be well enough if the cellar air was pure, but often i* it not; partly decayed vegetables or wood be there.
NEW IDEAS.
It is a wise
Kallve* of B wlh Africa a-c Learning
Sr.turlUlne of Bnraery.
spoonsful of sugai and a pinch of salt. Cook 10 minute* and let partially cool, then add tho white,* of 0 eggs, beaten to a stiff froth, and one
woods or vegetable* and other accumulations. The cobweb* should be brushed down, and the wall* and ceilings given a good coat of whitewash. An old broom can be used if a whitewash brush is not to be had. The whitewash will sweeten the air in tho cellar, the parlor and the bedrooms, and it may save tho family from fev-
Tkc Kaffirs have had an opportunity to learn something of the art of surgery since the soldier* and the military doctors have overrun Africa. Possibly advanced methods will not altogether supersede primitive surgery among these people, however, for they arc not fond of change.
Time was when a Kaffir with a broken leg submitted to peculiar
ing" the seed


made from the yolks of the egg*, three tablespoonful* of sugar and a pint of milk. Flavor to taste after the custard is taken from the fire.
Raisin puff* give a hot dessert of an appetizing form. Cream three tables poonsful of sugar and half a cup of butter; add two well beaten eggs and one cup of sweet milk. Sift three , tcaspoonsful of baking powder with j three cups of flour and beat into the mixture. Add to this a half cup of seeded raisins, and put the mixture into small cup* and steam half an Serve with sugar and cream, or any good pudding sauce jams aro to ba had, a spoonful placed on each dish add* much to it, and Vs the finishing touch.
cul,°o(^ug^'wUhThr.r ubS^or- | tan character, has just come to a son-fuis of melted butter; add one well- , sational conclusion at Naples. A sin-beaten egg and one cup of milk. Sift guhrly bland and mild-looking young
three teaspoonsful of baking powder i maQ nainej SLmeoli was indicted at with txvo cups of flour and add to the mixture. Beat the batter very thor oughly until smooth, then add a quarter of a cup of grated coco mut and bake half an hour.
.
A POVERTY-STRICKEN CROW
Visitor, at poorhose.—W'herc did that fine-looking paupex come from?
He
treatment. It was customary to place tho limb in a hole dug in the earth, and keep it there till the bones were knit together again.
The Leisure Hour tells of a case in which the bones of a certain Kaffir lad, having been set by European aid, the Kaffir father dissented from the method employed. He had the splints removed, carried the boy home on horseback, and then took the usual course of setting the limb in the earth. The consequence was that it look six months to effect a cure.
Kaffir doctors are hereditary, the cleverest son. in the doctor’* family being usually chosen to succeed his father.
There are other modern things that a Kaffir has to learn beside* the new-
In his lan-
ers
was
lit Macdonald, and the fourth that unveiled at Dunoon a year or two ago in memory of Rums’ "Highland Mary/
The Duke of Westminster, on the
nomination of Lord Roberts, has
MURDER AT A MURDER TRIAL.
gras* seed may be increased somewhat. 1 would recommend top-dressing such land heavily somewhat after the plan mentioned above for upland meadows, a* this sort of land is often difficult to get in proper condition to seed and will be found profitable to keep in gras* as long as possible to produce paying crops.

hour
I'rhinrr Blahbvd by a Itrolher of III# Ylrllur lit Court nt \nplf».
A sensational trial, which throws an interesting light upon the Ncapoli-
If fruit
been appointed second lieutenant in
the Royal Horse Guards. 3,'hc Duki went cut to South Africa at an early gab* he could move the earth if he stage of the eonfUct. He was obliged
lever long enough and proper to return home on the death of hii ¦	grandfather, but went back to thi
seat of war as soon as possible, and has been acting as one of Lord Roberts’ aides-de-camp.
ANCIENT AND MODERN SCIENCE
Archimedes, remarked the scientist
had a
fulcrum.
Yes, replied his friend, Archimedes
Nikola Tesla, of his age.
SLEEPING QUARTERS FOR HOGS
, tho Criminal Assizs for tho murder 'of one Ricci. The court was from the first predispjsed in the prisoner’s favor, for he made a good impression in
tho deck. Moreover, nearly all the ; cat methods in surgery,	f
sec the sallow woman \>tarm„ 8 ia ts 0f the trial ho cast upon the prose-, cLse.	three or even more sleeping place* 8 1 s« n,nt on* boar ( y.
EEEESBB	SSSSpl EHHEE'EB ;:§fgi“e - - • T
ish hue suggest ive of a sluggioh nv- thmv themselves upon Simeoli and	which comes the response, “May peace lff .g ajJ gooJ ag tho m03t expensivc
punched and clawed his face with un-	stay with you."	house for thi* purpose,
ladylike vigor. Several gendarmes	^	Re ware of cold drafts, and go con-
wen l to the prisoner’s assistance,and	?	struct the building that the cold
rescued him in a very bedraggled con-	TV	ATT>	winds do not blow on the hogs. At
dition. But Simeoli had only escap-	A >V ARMNu* IN	aik.	jj* flnmo time allow sufficient ven-
cd from the frying pan into tho fire. jjr. L. E. Dudley, the United States (Ration for the escape of foul air.
A young brother of Ricci broke	, t Vancouver, reports that cx- The floor may be of earth or boards
through the gendarmes and drove a ,	,	. .	,	as preferred. It mu*t be clean and
dagger right into Simcoli’s heart, kill- pen meats are being made on ie c occasionally recoated with fresh earth ing him instantly.	of British Columbia with an automa- or 6an(js Very little bedding ia re-
Afterward it was discovered that tic system for warning ships of their quired even in the coldest weather Simeoli was a murderer and a leading	ach to dangerous rocks and and slough hay or straw is best for
member of a secret band of criminals r1 , whe the weathvr i*so bad that this purpose. The bedding should be who have for years past terrorised neithcr lights nor fog-horns can avail, cleaned out about once a week and, the vicinity of Naples and even the The prlaciple y that of wireless tele- if needed, a little fresh supplied, city itself by frequent highway rob- *h	the operation is auto- Hogs should never be allowed to
sra kï jx ar:	ts. sjtts m as
members of the same society aud per- - ,	. _pril electric waves are in any place they will come out of
- ' *enfl
corded.	1
was tho
These should be roomy, well-ventilated and neither too warm nor too cold and perfectly dry be so constructed that no other ani-
They must
VAIN PRECAUTION.
With the idea of naming my toys,
said a white-haired man, so that ther«
could be no nicknames—which I havi
always detested—in the family, wi
called the first Edmund, the second Edward, the third Edgar, tho fourth Edwin, the fifth Edson, and the sixth Egbert.
That surely served your purpose didn’t it? asked one of the listeners. Not at all, rejoined the patriarch
rather shamefacedly
with the eldest, they were known a< Eddie. Chuck, Bim, Snorkey, Muggins and Pete, and every mother's son of them answered proudly to his nickname.
M3 SUBSEQUENT VALUATION.
1 mirried you for your money, she
tbit is why you look liko
tr
She may wear reds to advantgao, if
they are rich and noft dull in color,
white at
READY TO TAKE HIS TURN,
What are you doing here ? asked the policeman.
Jes’ loiterin’ aroun’, answered Farmer Corntossel. I’m waiting for a bunko man to come along an’ show me aroun’ town, an’ buy me a few refreshments before I take the train. I’ve played the game so often that I think mebbe I can quit it this time quick enough to come out sulkin' ahead.
Beg inn in t
>


and she may wear cream
night, but never in the daylight; she may wear neutral tints, with a bit of rich coloring here and there, but dull browns, indistinct greens, pale blue Hr pink, never, never. As she values her good looks, never. They arc fatal complexion and coloring hlco

t
SOMEWHAT MIXED.
Miss Budd—Is an amethyst suppose! to be unlucky ?
Mrs. Mala prop—Well, if Ike ain’t hr oughtcr be. Anybody that don’t be lieve in God don’t deserve to have an; luck.
to a
, , I ¦
The florid complexion looks best in
tint be-


clear black wtfjh a creamy I ¦ tween the neck and the gown to soften the. contrast.
Dark hair and fair akin take kindly to reds, and, in spite of all the oldtime teachings, it i* most evident that red is extremely becoming to flaxen-hoi red children, and even to genuine blondes of iL/ture year* if tfcv akin i* fair and clear.


I
HIS PHILOSOPHY.
Hard Knox—Did you ever t’ink
ibout gittin* married, Soiled?
Bailed Spooner—Not since I reached
de years of understandin’. When you git de whole womankind to feed for nothin' whit'd be de sense of marryin* one dat you’d have to make a bluff at supportin’? . «

PECULIAR REASONING.
I sec that we are shipping consider able horse meat to the Scandinavia»
countries.
Perhaps that account* for the fao( that the Scandinavian servant gir| have such excellent boraa sense.

A MENTAL WRECK.
She—I suppose the old lady is in second childhood?
He—t	ntly.
boast* that mho will be 72 next fall.
can
you
She actually
WATC0 THE CELL A i*.
A great deal of sickness In families

l
Î ~


###PAGE###4###


1
DESIRABLE PROPER
FOR SALE.
THE EQUITY.
For Salo or to Rent.
SMART & SMITH SHAWVILLE
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS
m
The und<>i>lgnc«l offers for sale or to rent hU farm, consisting of Lot* No. 6 and d In the West range of Thorne, twining 2U0 acres, of which NO acres cleared and mulct cultivation ; the balance U hush land. Tills property is well watered and has erected thereon n comfortable dwelling hott«e and good outbuildings. For further Information anrdv
¦ mm wm xv. j. smith,
<ireer Mount P. O.
SHAWVILLF.
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 4, 1901
WARE-ROOMS
Wheat, (standard) TO to 7.1c Oats per bushel, 27 to 2v. Pease per bushel, dOe. Buckwheat, 4tV. per bush. Kggs, per dozen, 12c.
Butter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 10 to lSv. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c,
Pork, sT.ft’i to 87.75.
con
Tsmmm
<lth range thereof, containing 200 RVreL more or Ipm*. The |,t vmhes are too w^l
tipon nn«l everything Is in first class n'
Radford l\0,, Quo.

i>
The Federal elections in Australis have gone strongly protectionist.
The Ontario Government laud grants to Cmadian soldiers, in recognition of their senicoa to the country, will not include the pine that happens to be growing on the lands so allotted. This was a
ided in
SPRING GOODS.
Good Business Chance.
Beef. $3.00 per 100 It». Hi ! >
Calfskins
\
Baking B
I !
t in the
Popu-r going
health.
OHN M. HODOINS, Box 82, Shaw ville, Que.
hi
10 cents c
i
proviso which Mr. Lurnscl having put in the Sill, and it incite need less to mention whose interests this gentle man is
it 1
NEW
GOODS
MASSEY-HARRIS COMBINED DRILL SPRING TOOTH B’D-CAST SEEDER
OTTAWA
\
WL OTxlV
i
/
Butter, print, 22v. per II».
“ pails, 18 to 20c. pe E;ggx fre»h, 18c. per nox. Potatoes, 40 to4âc. per bag Apples, $100 to $4.30 per b Lmd	¦¦
T.
after. The opposition %Ae the lauds to the
Lumber
fought
a thhera w ill; every thing they contained but the lumber interests seem to lnve
AND
NEW
GOODS
7 t n 1>
per Ik Mutton,to Tv. per Ik Beef. 8 to 6Jc. per lb.
Pork. $7.0u to $8.25 per 100. Chickens, 00 to 95c. n pair. Oats, 31 to 32o. j>er bushel. Hay, $8.50to $11.00per ton Wool, 14 to 1
been t
strong for t' cm
Sawing.
What is known as u the Cook chargea '• wherein H. H. Cock, ex-M. P., for East Simcoe, alleged in a manifesto issued shortly before the Dominion elections that he had been asked on behalf of the government for the sum of ten thousand dollais to secure an appointment to the FOT Senate, for which ho was an applicant— were investigated before a committee of the Senate last week. Some rather in tereeting disclosures were made in the course of the evidence that was brought out. Mr. Cook adhered to the statement previously made that he could have procured the appointment on payment of the sum mentioned ; but this he flatly refused refused to do. The gentlemen implicated in the negotiations to bring about this criminally immoral deal according to Mr.
Cook’s sworn statement are Sir Richard Cartwright, W T. R. Preston, of “ hug the machine " fame, and the late M. C.
Cameron. Sir Richard and Preston deny that any such offer was made and Cook declares they are not speaking the truth and in this form the investigation closed «a far as material evidence was concerned.
It remains to the committee new to decide
Made with 10, 11, 1- and 14 Hoes. Solid Steel Anglo Frame.
I wish to inform the public that I am prepared to do eus— tom sawing—both lumber and shingles—at reasonable rates, and am also prepared to pay ! Gash for any quantity ot good Logs delivered at Hudgins' Brick Yard.
I I will also pay $1.50 per
??QLOTHINC cord for a quantity of good,
sound 4-foot wood.
ÿoliil Steel Axle.
NOW OPENING OUT
AT-
par !
THE I^ASSEY-tjARRIS DISC HARROW % Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
NEAT-FITTING
Gives good Satisfaction
WELL-MADE
*
A full line of Finishing Harrows and Plows. Also Repairs for all kinds of Plows.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.

J. J. IWcCLEARY.
MCDONALD & BE
SMART & SMITH.
Shnwvillv, Feb 11. 1901
“THE 2 TAILORS"’
Main Street, Shawvillo.
P. S.—A fine assortment of Summer Rigs
Silas Young.
Farmers, Attention!
THE McCORMIGK
Notice.
All persons intending to patronize the Lily cheese factory thi> season will let it be known to the undersigned before the twent h day of April >o t : i* of the drawers can be laid out
Hv Order,
W. w. IRELXND.
Secy
;
THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
FRESH and CURED
route
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
MEATS
whether or not the charges are well founded, and on tnat decision their report will be baaed.
o
Shaw ville, March 2>, UHU
I am prepared to supply the same to the fanners of Pontine on reasonable terms, and also to furnish REPAIRS, winch will always be kept on hand, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
Horses taken in exchange for Machinery.
Are now open for business.
TEACHER WANTED
of all kinds at
Nothing Whatever for the Farmer
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our latest improved
For District No. 5, Thorne. Must have diploma. Say salary expected. Applications received till April 13th, 1U01.
Address, S. M. LOGAN,
Thorne Centre, Que.
If there was one thing promised before the election of 18% by the Lebernl statesmen, foremost above all was that they would do something special for the farmer, bnt on Monday night of last week, in the
ALP. HOWARD,
AiiKNT FOR
The McCormicK Harvesting Machine Company
ALSO FOR
Organs, Pianos and Sewiqg Machines.
are two dangerous • classes in the Legls-cjurse of the debate on the budget, one lature, one made up of those who do not
of the supporters of the government from	know, the other of those who do not care
the west got up and said he was dissatisfied	w^at *2#** n* t*ie so-called private
•'* *'-• -« i.... f.r««h.	x,;i:,pr
and Mr. Richardson said that the farmer^ men's testament, to legislate men round of the west had been led to expect that	the barrit rs that have been set up to pro-
the duty would be uken off agricultural	«"» unqualified penon. from gaining
ca.l oil, b„ ,h., w	SSS5	52TMS
bt'on disappointed. The members of the	ignore the rights of municipalities in their
government vary amongst themself. Rut	purchased and paid for property and cause
the Liberal party, their utterances clatter	an actual Phonal lu” t0 individuals in
-----........	» " i-p-'-w. ssrïï™. B",
to say whether the ministerial party, ,a the lobby, and, there is too much reason I Having just received from the principal i, a protectionist parly, or whether it i,	to fear that other thing which a lobby
a free trade revenue tariff-protectionist	always tends to create—a body of TenaI	goods, embracing all Uie	latest designs	In
& itir: iscEEsbaSHS | ***$ H„its- 01
gets some advantage, but the tnaiket of whose favor haa to be won by whoever |	tuO 5G&S0H, SC.
the Northwest farmer for theircuarso grains a^ks legislation allecting private interest», i ; have placed the same in stock for the is injured	It is a danger to provincial irstitution* inspection of the ladies of Shaw ville and
J	.	greater than a bad government would be vicinity. All cordially lnvite«l to call and
Csn there be any excuse for their keep-	because public anger cannot be effectively	cxAtninv goods,	which \\ ill be found of the
ing up the duty on coal oil, when it has |	directed against it.-—Montreal Gszatte. Ilat0M	yt^c ani‘tlluive in	every particular,
ceased to be a Canadian industry, In consequence of the action of these men now in power.
Disc Harrows
Proorletor.
Grand
Millinery Opening
Tliurs. April 4,1901. | McRAE & McGUIRE
And
Fleury’s Ploughs. I
PROVINCE OF QUEBEC DISTRICT OF PONTIAC.
}
In the Superior Court.
No. 017.
CHARLES DEVLIN, of the Town of Aylmer, In the District of Ottawa, Merchant, Plaintiff,
S
AGENTS,
D. McRae's Old Stand, .. Main Street, Shawville
V8
PATRICK DOLAN, of the Township of Omdow, in the District of Pontiac, Defendant.
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
SNOW
&
C. BARSALOU. Prothonotarv of the said Court
V
a

mrs. McWilliams
Here it is!
SKATES; The Place
f
Quebec Game Laws
SHAWVILLE
At Bottom Prices.
In the legislature on Tuesday last Hon. P S. Winter Hats selling at cost.
Mr. Parent’s resolution respecting the
game laws, were adopted in committee,	————
After thirty-two days of actual work the I and hie bill to amend the Quebec Game y^r, under a penalty rf 8t least of $3 Legislature has been prorogued. The Law was read a first time.	and net exceeding *25 Every game
session has been one of the shortest in the Among the resolutions is the following . keeper may, without incuring any rerecord, and, as regards the public business That the commissioner of lands, forests eponsibility, kill any such dog found run-done, not unsatisfactory. The Treasurer and fisheries may, upon payment to him njng at large, hunting or pursuing in such was able to make a reasonably good state- of a fee according to a tariff established localities between the above mentioned raont in regard to the finances for the past by the Lieut-Governor in Council, grant | dates.
year, end SO give fair promises for this to any person, company or corporation, An important clause of the new Game one. The Government measures were keeping cold storage warehouses, or to ' yjjnt added at the request of the sports-
chiefly of the non contentious kind, any hotel or restaurant keeper, or to any j raen, Fish and Game Protection Associ I Don’t MaIéP They included a revision of the acts re club, an annual license permitting of | atjon of Quebec, confers the right upon	11 1 ¦wiaix^
lating to public health, and a measure to the keeping in such cold storage ware- leasees of hunting territories, not hither-red uce the number of ministers. This j houses or ref liberators, during the close to possessed by them to prosecute tres-iatterwas criticised, in connection with j season, game to bo used as food, and in passers upon their limits. It provides the fact that there is only one English* addition, if it concern a hotel, restaurant that any person, without the permission speaking minister with a portfolio, as be- or club, to serve for consumption therein 0f the lessee or his representatives, hunts ing minurty of that share of cabinet re- during the close season, all game which | or causes any other person to hunt, or presentation they are by tradition entitled the sale is not prohibited under article ^ assists them in hunting on the lands to. It cannot bo sai l Unt the response 1400a or 1420 of the Revised Statute ; leased, he sha’l not acquire any right to in the province was encouraging to the provided that such game has been law- j the game so killed or ‘ taken or to any gentleman who raised the point in the fully taken or killed during the time ; part thereof, which may be confiscated debate. With no great issues to attract when hunting is permitted ; that the ap and then becomes the absolute property attention to its doings it would appear plication for the license must be in writ- uf the lessee, and that such person tihall that interest in the Legislature is decli- ing and give a description of the place j therefore be liable to a fine of topless mng among the English minority even in which such game is to be atoied. I than $20 nor more than $100. and in de more than among the French speaking The amendments to ths game law are to , ftuu 0f payment, imprisonment of at majirity of the province. There is no the effect that no person ahull in cn -1 least one month ami of not more than gridvnee felt by the people as a whole, | season’d hunting kill or take alive mo e and no scandal excites their anger. The I than one moose, two deer and two minority, feeling no need of a stronger craibou.
representation than it has, accepts the su- The following articles are added to u it ion, and so doing does	something to	artice	1400a: "	It is forbidden to eel1
make it a permanent one.	The change	!	expose	fur sale or to have in possess!, n
too, is in the apparent direction of aim-	j	for the	purpose	of sale, any birch or
plicity and economy, and	what secures	|	swamp	partridge	before the first day of
these is likely to bo counted of more im- j October, 1903. Every delivery of pat portance, and it is of more impoitince, ridge, otherwise than merely gratuitous, than the personality, or nationiity, or | shall constitute a sale in the term of this
Mr. Parent as head of : provision, any infringments of the provl-the Government has reason to congratulate siona of this article shall render the himself on the manner in which he has 1 person guilty thereof, to a fine not ex-been able to come through hie first session, cceding $15, and not less than $5." far as public business is concerned. |	“1403i. No person owning, having
For some sessions it haa been plain, or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt however, that there is danger to the and pursue deer, shall allow such dog to people’s rights to be feared from private 1 run at large, hunt or pursue in any a"most as much as from public legislation; ; places inhabited by deer between the aid this session’s record will stlengthen first of November of one year and the
There 1 twentieth of October of the following
The Legislature
We are selling at cost.
j
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
a Serious Mistake
Eavetroughing,
i—pa
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
DALE BROS
canvass
¦J
six months
Shawville.
Tha importent fact has been elicited that Sir Wilfred Liurier is favorable to public ownership of railways, but the moment for doing something in the direction is not opportune. The number of things that the present government is favorable to but not ready to take any action in is legion—from fast line steamers to reciprocal preferential tariff. The sum total of its policy is to take in the cash and spend it where the cash will do its friends the most good.
Messrs. Ryan Bros., of Almonte, Ont., have offered a reward of $100 for the recovery of the body of the 1 its Patrick Ryan, who was drowned in the Ottawa | Finest and safest rifle ever made river at the Chaudière bridge, on or about M irch 4th, 1001.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
.303 Calibre
j n

faith of ministers
V

Savage Magazine Rifle.

THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
bSs	w only Hnroi» mum» Wer.
OO-, UTICA, N. T., Ü. 8. AMERICA.
for large or small game Write for complete 19W Catalogue.
tile resultant unpleasant feeling
)
7


###PAGE###5###

7
HE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 218.
1901!
1901!
I.O.E
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
LPe|kly Journal devoted to Local Interest*.
PUBMIHKD EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. 8UnC*iniQH-$1.QO A ye a a IN ADVANCE.
No paper wtopped until all arrearage» e paid, UDlaaa by ipeclal arrangement with
nbliiher.
lui
Meet» the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid
promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 3. Barnett, F R
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
: SPRING
L.B.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
/. A. Cowan, U 9
John Beckett, C. R
o
Things of Beauty
ADVERTISINGS RATES :
Legal advertising. eighteenth per lino for 6r*t Insertion and four oeuls per Hue for ach subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4 GO per year.
Local nutionticemcni* Insortvd at the rate offlvo ceutN per line for first liiHvrtlou and three cent* for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be glvuu ou application.
Advertisements received without Instruction* accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, | tv Your Turn next
Birth, marriage and death notice* published free of charge. Obituary poetry three acuta per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING- PARLOR,
JOijN SrçiTH, Proprietor.
s
Hallo, Hard Clay !
For ladies’ Wear
The snot fot
Have You seen My Photo before ?
I am made by Messrs. Frost & Wood and I can tumble you and cut you to pieces so quickly you would think you were sand. Do you see my
two levers, reversible tongue, patent adjustible scrapers ? Those who have tried me have advised their neighbors. They all agree I am the best. Sold on my merits by
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, on A Clean Shave.
to be found at
G.i.Mim,! G. F. Hodgins
9

JOB PRINTING
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
k JEWELLER
KIRPJ
a flKLF.rr stock or (Wk WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
mi JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
iWl Ac. Ac.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
\\\ the Season’s Novelties are here shewn. Every new and stylish idea is here worked out aqd displayed in its various forms.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
f

Business Cards.
/
E'ss
MEDICAL

i
r
F.M.A.McHaughtoq,B.^.,M.D.,C.M.
Graduate or McGill University,’
0ffloe—Residence of the late Dr. H. If Knox. Shaw ville.
Office hour»-Monday, W cdoosday and Saturday afternoons.

Brilliantine Outer Skirts, plain and figured.
Under Skirts, in fancy Piques, and Satines.
Silk Blouses, Satine and Fancy Checks and Stripes. Silk Laces,

Ripaibivq—
a Speciality
8HATY1LLE, 8.
Cotton Laces,
Embroideries and Insertions, Veilings Bows and Ties, Neck-bands, Linen Collars,
Brass Buttons and Gilt Braids,
Belts in silk and velvet ribbon, gilt, beaded and leather. Dress Spikes—These will be leaders in trimmings of season.
Over-All Laces
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
A. SMILEY.
CEO. HYNES,
F. T. M. C.
Ormdtute of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrics AMD RnaiDitvcs : J. 11 Abmutroho s Hots*,
BHAWVILL1.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
BODGBEAO MINV1LLE, L. L. 1., | SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
MAIN (STREET
1901
1901
The D and A Straight Front Corset
LEGAL.
OR
New Spring Fashions require them. Every pair guaranteed to give satisfaction
o—AT POPULAR PRICES—o
OREMOST
URNITURE.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shawvill* every Monday
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Fine Woollen and Worsted Goods, Suitings, Trouserings, Serges, &c.
WILL
WM. GAMBLE,
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.....................
IN UNDERTAKING
BARRISTER, &e.,
Room 23, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa. Ont.
At ahawvlltf, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
re-over O. F. Hod gins’ Store. Main St.
Our patterns and cloths arc new and up-to-date. Leave your order for tailor-made suit.............
I also keep a complete stock of if une* ral Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
o
G. F. HODGINS,
GEO. C. WRIGHT, District and Country
We have also a first-class assortment of
advocate, BARRISTER, AC
OK TER PROVINCE OK QUEBEC,

CHARGE» MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
— — —— —<J — —- ¦ ¦¦ ¦
PERSONAL ATTENTION
TERMS REASONABLE
There was a fcîmo when forturei were
•pent in trying to kill off the Canadian	DEPARTMENTAL STORE
thistle. P.,per and cloth manufacturers	*'*** ***v*w*i*i *	w +w+ww.	| . pnAUAM	QUAWVIIIC
are now talking about raising it for ——————— —————Ve V ftMiiM Iwl	OrlMff *
PUÎP.	I "¦	"¦	'	' —	¦' ‘
###= ÉÜÉÉ ilipi SSE'SlipSl
«T- mm mm isss mmmm
BRYSON, - - QUE.	hospital, and this seems to have so in- ^he disease twelve days ago. Senator Pa-	?	the Kingston and 1 eln ^ . 11 v' l>, way company authorized to build lines of
Will he In Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- censed the residents in the neighborhood -quel succeeded the lateSenatir Debloii Ottawa to Have a Large Hotel.	frân-hi^/ànd : railway along or near the said route, or
-*	"	2&5TSJR	.... si, w^
WILLIAM ELLIOTT	up in moke and dime on Monday night. "f *mch hi* father. Z.	was the , through which will probably mean a great them ;to mue stork, common or prefer- opi,rnte .in,t di5po<e of „linr; mineral*
¦p sto aüF*iip*:iie«
h,P,.kl Xduc.ed aV Hhiwvnie onco . but not until the hand, of both had been ,eU. varying from battle,hip, to tub- in faVor of the new hotel. It. name i. to «y. I'M mooth. À ,v*r|f'v of hViï'e,M “ur‘/‘ °“ badly blistered. Mi,a Robinson', «calp manne,. The new scheme, will involve be the Chaudière. The lite i, directly hand tor sale; Office: 8b.wvlUe.Qd,. U bldly burned.	.special expenditure of *4u, 000.00, m Oppo.ite where the new station is to be
:	---- addition to the ordinary annu.l appro- erected A	bridge wil, be buiIt
across the canal from the ladiea’ entrance of the hotel to the east side of Parliament Hill. The structure will bo ten storeys in height, and fitted in the most modern style. The dining halls, etc., will be in the upper part of the building, where a clear view can be had of the picturesque country surrounding.
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
factorlly.
8HAWVILLE
Hull branch to make arrangements for - - QU E* the accommodation of the
visitors
J. J. TURNER,
Dated Ottawa. January 2nd. 1901.
!	CHRYSLER & BETHUNE,
|	Solicitors for Applicants
J. C. ELLIOTT,
0
Oa Monday evening, 25th inst., Mr. priations Geo. Klock, agent for the E B. Eddy will make the fleet an insurance against Co., and son of Mr. James Klock, of naval war. Great Britain has a good ^TTxrAW I	Aylmer, was united in marriage with ] claim to immunity.
I Mies Francis Ruth Rosch, second daugh ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	ter of the late Robert Roach, of Quebec
The ceremony took place at Christ church ! the Legislature from Eastern Ontario, _	at 8 o’clock. The nupital knot waa tied led by Mr. Lumiden, of Ottawa, and
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar at-1	by Rey. R. p. Taylor, B. D. Immedi- Mr. Loughrin, of Nipieeing are taking a
ways well furnished.	ately after the ceremony the happy cou- strong stand against the construction of
First-class Lxvbky Attached.	I ple left for Montreal and other points the Temiscamingue railway from North
east. Many friends join in wishing Mr. | Bay and claim that the natural route and Mrs. Klock a happy and prosperous j is by Haliburton and Mattawo. The
country north from Haliburton to Matta-wa, it ia claimed, contains much natural wealth and Lake Temiscamingue can be reached by Haliburton and Mattawa, and a railway up the Ontario side of the boundary more readily than by building from North Bay.
If the s zi of the premium
HOTELS
AVIS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
Avis est donné par le présent qu'une demande sera adressée au parlement du Canada, à sa prochaine session, afin d’obtenir un acte constituant en corporation une compagnie de chemin defer pour construire une voie ferrée partant de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le comté de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d Onslow et Te m bouchera de la rivière Dumoine, de la par la route la plus practicable jusqu’ou district arrosé* par les rivières Coulonge, Noire et Dumoine, et de U au nord jusqu'à la rive de la Bay James ; et pour fusioner, passer un bail ou faire des arrangements de traffic avec toute autre compagnie de chemin de fer autoaisée à construire des lignes de chemin de fer le long ou près de la dite route, ou toute partie d icelle ; avec pouvoir de construire des lignes d embranchement ; posséder, affréter et naviguer des bateaux à vapeur et autres vais-seaex ; acquérir, exploiter et déposai des mines, miéreaux et de leurs produits, de terres à bois, de chutes d’eau et privilèges hydrauliquer» ; acheter, utilizer et vendre de l'electricité Pf>ur toute fins que ce soit ; construire, acquérir, maintenir et exploiter des tramways, ponts, passages d’eau, moulins, quais, docks et élévateurs, et exercer 1 industrie de voituriers et d’enter-poseurs en général ; et construire et exploiter des lignes de télégraphe et de téléphone le long de la route du dit chemin de fer, ou s'y raccord, et transmettre des messages pour des tins commerciales, et prélever des péages jiour ce service.
CHRYSLER et BETHUNE,
Sollicituers des requérants.
•»
Toronto, March 29 —The members of
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
fjough and Dressed
Growth of Hornerism
Lumber,
Shingles, Sso.
HOLINESS MOVEMENT HAS NOW 11,000 SUPPORTERS IN CANADA,
?
ESTABLISHED 1886. journey through life

Ottawa March 27.—The annual report
of the Holiness Movement in Canada for
1900-1901, has just been completed. The
report shows that great progress has been
made by the body during the last year.
In Canada the movement now numbers
__ —-	,	....	. , .	over 11,000 members, with 162 ministers
About May 1st work will be starred on an^ over go evanglists engaged. The
the new Hull Station of the O. and P. vaiue 0f churches and chapels owned is J. railway. It wdll be situated near ahout 800,000; while several newchurcht a Chaudière «street at the junction of the welluttder wav. The amount raised two lines. From the new station over [,y collections for all purposes during the the Interprovincial bridge to the ten- year wti 0*er $42,000. There are now trsl depot, the trains will traverse the one a^oul gQ circuits in which conventions are _	.	.	, held frequently.
The plans for the now station are now , Rpport3 from lhe missionary woik be-being prepared. It will boa two s ory ing done in England and Ireland show structure, built of brick or stonj at that good progress is being made, * hi!e
a cost of ab >ut $4,DIM).	in Egypt the movement is making rapid
As soon as the weather pern.i.s work brides under tho directions of Rev. H. will be resumed on the extension of the E Randal A native school has been P. and P. J. railway from Aylrnc r o	at Aeeoult in	which	two	inHull. The tracks have betn laid an ar	(erpreters sre employed,
as Deschenes and the grading has heen	5jr Horn or is at present engaged on	an
completed to a point within half a nu e	entfrely new hymn book	which	will	be
of Hull city limits.	submitted to the church as scon as com
It is expected that trains will be run- piecte(jt
ning over the Interprovincial bridge di	ÈmËjjÈsWm
reel from Aylmer by July 1st . At pre
•eut a temporary station is being used in
Hull for the accommodation of parties
travelling ou Iho O. and G. V. railway.
i'he Bishop of Moosinee arrived in Ottawa last Thursday after a tramp of nearly 900 miles on snowshoes, and registered at the Russell. The reverend 1 gentleman left Moose Factory, one of the Hudson Bay Company’s meat north ern posts, and travelled southward,
I retching civilization at the village of Mattawa. He was met by Colonel Rankin, the well known factor of the company, and also an old friend of his, who accompanied him to Ottawa. The Bishop will visit Montreal and other points east before returning to bis distant di :< iie.
The Shawrille
0
SASH and DOCK
J
PLANING & MATCHING
dune to order
CUSTOM SAWING
—ALL KINDS OF—
done as cheaply as the cheapes
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Souses 8c Verandahs
Highest Cash Price paid for all kinds of sound Logs, Shingle Bolts, <3cc.
HAIS STREET. - SHAIVILIE.
MANUFACTURED
line
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL	, Dit ES»ED
LUMBER, *c. &
Kept in stock and made t
LUMBER PRESSED AT POVULARPRICES
A local newspaper reflects the business interests of the town. A business man looking for a location always examines newspapers to see how his particular line is represented. If he is a druggist he concludes there are no druggists, or if there are, they are all dead. If he is a doctor or a lawyer, he looks over the professional cards to see if his profession is represented. Among the farmer subscribers the home paper has a similar mission. The prospective buyers like an invitation to come and trade with the merchants. A card of a professional man is just as essential aa the sign in f the dcor
;v\vw
Order
l GOODS WELL BOUGHT,
Î ARE HALF SOLD

McCREDIE & HODCtINS.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
Tilt Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
Estimates furnished
The eitate of the la*e Gat Howard i, valued at between $175,000 and $200,000. Hi, will ha, just baeu probated at Montreal, and leave» the entire estate to hia
ai: children.
Ottawa, 2 janvier 1901
The Legiililure of this province was prorogued on Thursday last, after one of the ahortest sessions on record.
Advertise in The Equity.
Ex
front o
i
j
t

###PAGE###6###


F

V

• f
w

SUFFERING WOMEN.
Colonel Kokewioh, during the «logo of Kimberley, wan approached by a private who naked, "Colonel, when do •' ou expect we are (going to get (MESSAGE OF HOPE TO THE WEAK 11 htng to eat t AND DEPRESSED.
WE CHALLENGE THE WORLD to produce « drink
ini. Mim s
In 1801 there were no railway# in
Scotland in the «tense wo now use the
term, or even in England. To-day the
railways of the United Kingdom
tend to about 22,000 miles of line,which
have been constructed at a cost of
about £1,300,000,000. The- annual gross receipts now exceed £'100,000,000, and of the expenditure, which amount# to over £00,000,000, fully one-half is distributed in wages to over 500,000 ployes.	|
as gratifying as

' I
ADVICE
some-
R
ex-
• * M
Est I" exclaimed the < olunel, " did you join the army mere!> to gel something to eat r “Well à Hriiefai Woman Telle el Her Release | that*# about the
From iha Agonic* Thai A#lei lier *rx Alter Th.-ro Hociom II «I lulled lo Help Her.
Je
'"j An Honest and Earnest Friend oJ
the Sick Speaks.
aizo of It." ** Here, calling an officer, " give this man
something to cat and then have him shot.*'
You notice the fine point* when you drink It. Little style, best of quality and accurate quantity.
Lead Package* *# 30, 40, 60 and 03 Canto.
1 he officer understood the 1 np Tel|t HI* ratlraii to r»a ihuiiV* uiilnry joke, and replied: “ All right, Colon-I * "Is a»d ike *f*ml*a Prove lit*
ducements the man that wouldn’t be
willing to die is a blithorjn* idiot.
A hearty meal was prepared for the I Hamel soldier, but he kiill lives.
Pope Leo XIII. has now out lived all
em-

riu
amount uf suffering borne by women throughout the country, ver Ik? estimated. .Silently, utmost hopelessly, they endure from day to day afflictions that can only fall to the lot of
WIs
can
Winard's Uniment Relieves Neuralgia.
JU
two
4
hy
CONSIDER ; A MOMENT
i
On n recent scientific test, a worker in metals succeeded in drawing n penny out into 5,700 ft. of wire.
If Ï use that Paint oil my house will it do any good ? Of it will if It's the right Paint. The right Paint will preserve the house, beautify it, increase its -value and give it a smart appear- 4 ance among its fellows.
women. Tho following , ! > °t the suffering and release of
4
are very
striking testimonials to the merit of
I ,hi‘s great medicine. The subjects I Mr. Caleb Rivard
course
Mi
Charles! Hovg, of Southampton, ought to bring hope and health mnl happiness to other sufferers. Mrs.

are
4
\
and Mr. Joseph
MONTRIAL NOTH. DIRIOTOPT.	.
mm	{
IW «Uf.

m
IU
Mr. Rivard suffered from

g aayg:—"For nine out of the thirty-two year# of my life» l have suffered as no woman, unless she has leui similarly afflicted, can imagine l fould suffer and yet have lived. Three weeks out of four I would Iv unabh to move
incontm-
, , •	• . ,	, cnee of the urine <i \ and night Ha
distinguished persons who a few was so worried by ihe discharge of Poet-"Did you get my book of son-
Queen Victoria on one of her visita 'ya^ quite cured. The trouble had mV I t0 her uncle, King Leopold. He after- tl»ly ''Appeared.
wards visited England, and was pro-	••/	“red with"
sented to the Queen and the Prince three or four jreara to bad’thât °1 Two million shot and shell, weigh-Consort. The Dope, though now in his j uou‘d have to lay off work two or!	*nK 20,000	tons,	is	the	average annual
ninetieth year, retains a vivid recol- jf110,1 day» every week. I was	con-	output	of	British	arsenals.
....................... ifHSTt? 5SHE «"*»Maat t” «
Many a night when 1 went to bed 11 ! p‘ ,J> ‘slucod mfuntlT • four-inch Thus encouraged, I continued,	and
ice will carry a man on horseback, H<dcr the third box my trouble	had	anta*
.....
but at one time 1 took a half dozen	v*brht-mch ice, a battery of nr- months ago, and 1 have not had the
bottles of a blood-making compound tlUery’ Wllh carriages and horses,but I «l'ÇThteat return of the
not over 1,000 pounds per square foot ' pa n
on sledges ; and ten-inch ice sustains
t

Ramsay’s
Paints

m
i
m
will do all this for you and more. If you want to sec models of beautiful homes painted, and learn all about Paint, drop a card and ask for
BOOKLET "K," free.

and
about and, indeed, at no tune was really fit to at tond to household duties. I consulted physicians—three of the most skilful doctors in the county of Cumberland
at different times had charge of my rase
en-
ztrrz#?,' «was*- a41;»


A. RAMSAY & SON
Theaje all agreed in their diagnosis, but tiw treatment varied, and while at times I would

faint maker®
MONTREAL,
Sit'd IM2
¦ •-

Af-
^ c\ *\
After the adoption of n
•Ie
proper
draloag® system, mortality in Bristol fell from 100 to 05 per 100,003 inhabit-
3lst Annual Meeting of
The Mutual Life of Canada

would have been glad if death had come before
i
W I» c 10<ii>

CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
trouble or
Formerly The Ontario Mutual Life.
that was highly recommended. This like anything vise, failed to help there seemed to be not a particle of blood in my body. My face was nt>-aolulely colorless, and my appetite aliruo.-t entirely deserted me. I often sa w in t he
These cures have
caused quite a
.sensation in this neighborhood an army or an innumerable multi- both gentlemen are well known! tude. On fifteen-inch ice a railway D°dd’ti Kidney Pills could be built, and two-foot thick ice lar Nicolet. will withstand the impact of a loaded railway carriage after a sixty-foot fall, or perhaps, 1,500 foot tons.
me,
Now Name but
same old Principles—A Company of Policyholders, by Policyholders, for Policyholders.—Leads in Canadian Business.—A Most Successful Year.

are very popu-
For all akin ailment#,
J» 0. Calvert â Co., Manchester, England

" WcH. you know, Mr. Winters," said Miss Oldfield, airily "a girl of eighteen is quite as old as a man of twen- |
He who fears God need never fear) Winters ; f^owan"e^'ueen-yea^|J
maiden who was born in 1872."
newspapers letters testifying to tha merits of I)r. .Williams' Pink Pills, years of suffering and discouragement had made in? too sceptical to se - any hop? of relief, when doc tori had failed to effe : last 1
Douglas Bros.
Q lJt Adelaide SI w Toronto, On!
EVjetallic Ceiling
msammm
POINTED SAYINGS,
but nine
«Wood & Ph^IMnU: AyiNG.
man
You cannot do Cod’d work with the devil’s weapons.	|	FOR over FIFTY YEAR!»
ladies\.° 6 s»
Christianity is to the Vhristlcss as ' b* »JI dninrlau Um.uihoui tb* worîd^lîeïSVeÎBd’ïJ Can be dene perfertly by oar French Procwa. Try It
the science of optics to the blind I ^"M» Vletiee'"l"0‘“'* «/n»-	British American dyeing co.
fuuS th:%r:T^,:^he m%|,	?"	O'
it has to give.	tlln »Ion-' lhe power which steam, ox- JUBILEE OF 1901.	«*""*' J—«t-
I had not | Ii js hopeless consulting the com- rrtfl IS est‘mnteed *° bo equal to the iîîB,jS]!ÏÏt*«,„^lrt.thl,“T|îr«Pin=‘the Uncfl'ùl taken two boxes before I began to pass of conscience when you iav the manunl labour o{ LOOO.OOO.UOO men, or
feel lx*tier, and grew confident of a loadstone of lust beside it.	more than double the number of males hundred,poat-pniO. p.andJ.8adit*n4qq.*.Monti>Ü5l
supposed to inhabit the globe.
a cure. Cut at
WALKING
across tho story of a ure near ho me-that of Mr. Mose# Jîoss, of Rodney. I know that at time he had been regarded as a hopeless consumptive,
through Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, determined me to try them
came
OR
1
DIRECTORS’ REPORT.
—Cl.»—tStiftrtii JlSSBStK1	•«.
one
You” Dîrecto*n
MONTREAL, TORONTO, OTTAWA à QUEBIO
and his cure
1-
80T™l?i),>Ja? SSWWP»	.
, # rr.i:r:j:r.L. «SESSSSESk	sjwæm
BicUnls, Mills t Co, D. To,r.=c. * Co	* «Plred, bat a 1 of whom .re ellZU>)o (or re-election.
11 Slate Su, Boston. Montreal and Pol land.
i
1 kept on taking the pills, all
the time feeling new blood in my veins, activity returning to my limbo, *ept thc draper exhibiting his good*
und the feeling of depression gradually wearing away.
Music
Teachers
Wanted
cure.
For
two hours a fashionable lady
, Minard’s 1 miment for sale evenwliero
r
and at the
sweetly asked:—"Are you sure you I There are 22,000 different friendly have shown me everything you have?” societies in England, with 7,000.010 ' No, madaiu,” said the draper; ‘T have | members, and a capital of £58,000,000. yet an old account in my ledger 1 11 Out of the Vatican's 11,000 gladly sbow you.” He did not need Pope Leo has reserved for his personal to show any more.	| use only three—a small sitting-room,
a little dining-room, and a 1
end of that period she
To many women
it i ' v. in incredible that the me
WHALEY, ROYCE tOo.
hi Tenge It Terente, 0*1
making of
new blood in my veins could restore to a healthy condition mi-placed internal organ*, but this has been my happy experience pains have all left me, and 1 am now u.s healthy a woman a* there is in thus place
Williams' Pink Pills, which have cued me from a life of suffering, if not from the grave.”
rooms
My
Minard's Liniment Cures Dandruff.
I cured a horse of the mango with MINARD'S LINIMENT.
CHRISTOPHER SAUNDERS.
Thii health I owe to Dr
Statisticians agree that the population of the world averages 10U wo-1 cured a horse badly torn by a | men to every 100 men. pitch fork, with MINARD'S LINIMENT.
(Dalhouaie.
res-
it. MELVIN,
Dr. Williams' Pink Pill* are especially valuable to women. They build up the blood, restore th? nervei, and eradicate those troubles, which make the lives of so many worn n, old and young, a burden. Palpitation of the heart, nervou-i headache and prostration speedily yield to this wonderful medicine. These pill* are sold only in boxe*, the trade mark and wrapper printed in red ink, at 50 cents a box, or six boxes for
Preside Lb.
State ok Ohio, City cf Toledo, 1 __
Lucas County.	}**•
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that he la senior partner of tha firm of F. J. Chfnky &
THOMAS VV. PAYNE. I LA Its for each and every case of Catarrh
that cannot le cured by the usa of Hall'S Catarrh Cure.
ABSTRACT OF ACCOUNTS FOR 1903.
Income.
EDWARD LIN LIEF
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Rt. Peter's C D
EPPS'S
Premium», net Interest, annuities, etc.
Total...........
8 PV7.8I5 (0 241,033 83
• •
• • •
• Ml
##»######
• •
• •
••••••

• • •
• • • • e
es#####.see###*###
• • • • •
* # # * #

• • •
81.171.911 93
I 431.565 50 -31,0.4 21
n	. ,,	.	Disbmvemenfce.
Pnymcnt to polir;holders for death claims endowments profits etc Ah other pa) men
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
Bathurst, N R.

COCOA
e •
FRANK J. CHFNKY. Swcrn to before me and Nubscribed in my presence, this Cth day of December. A.I). 18».
:......;	A. W GLEASON.
.Xotary Public.
• • a
* » * • ••••eeaeeeeeeeee
nervous
*#####
Total...................
Loans on first mortgsg •«......
Municipal debenture *h.v1 bond y Ixxtns cn Company1 Real estate, including Head otfioj
Cash on hind and in banks...............
Other asset*?
Total
Reserve, 4 and 3} per cent Ail other liabilities....
Total..............
On Company’s standard 4 and 3J per cent...* On Government standard 4| and 3i per cent.
8 671,16» 72
82.471,134 60 1,614.8(4 47 tiO 1.6*0 37 1.18.815 81 41.26/ 65 310.215 64
83.182^011~57
8t.837.733 6? 33,931 53
tlwuicTi?
8 310.319 31 51Ü.0V9 80
Asso ts.
When wounded in battle horse* are attended to as soon as possible. A veterinary officer with assistants fellow
seal :
MEAKFAftT-SUFPCR.
•••••••••
• see

a I'o ides
Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally, and . act* directly en t hr blood ami mucous surface* close on the fighting line, and those of the system. Send for testimonials, free.
F.J.U11KNKY 5c CO„ Toledo, O Fold by Druggist*, 75c.
Hall's Family 1'ilD are the best.
• ••••#••
• • •


»#s**#####*em
OLL WRAPPING PAPER
R
••••••••••••
• • e
S###*#*##**#*###**,,*##########»#
• • •
• • • •
••••••eeeeeeeeeeeteseeseeeseee#e#
• • •
• • • • •
• •
a»####*#***
• # • • •
a#**######
*********ee ###*##»# e ***
£-.50, and may be had of druggists, animals with only slight injuries are or dir vet by mail from Dr. Williams* | collected together and lient to the veterinary	the
fixed camps. Tl e very badly. _	. - . . . .
wounded are shot. Horses killed in ! a Joxin% woman *°	^ *° l°°* un“
battle are either buried or burned I concerned the first time she comes according to the climate. In South | out in Africa burial is resorted to.
PRINTED in one or many colora or STRIPED at low prices. Sam* pies furnished on request. Special quotations for oar loads or largo lots. Write for prices.
TORONTO WRAPPING
PAPER COMPANY
Liabilities.
Medicine Company, Brockville, Ont.
The hardest thing in the world (pr
Burp’.uf.
FRIENDLY WARNING.
A popular doctor tells this story of bright boy, his own, who has reached the mature age of nine, after an early career marked by many wild and mischievous pranks.
IL.s restless nature has made him
something of a torment to his teacher at times, and one afternoon not long ago she kept (him after the others were dismissed, and had a serious talk with him. Perhaps she was a little afraid that her admonitions were falling on uteny ground. Any- j way, she finally said :	I
I certainly will have to ask your! father to come and oeo me.
Don’t you do it, naid the boy.
The teacher thought i>he had made an impression.
Yes, she repeated, I must send for your father.
You better not, naid the boy.
Why not ? inquired the teacher. 'Cause he charges $2 a visit, said I the scamp.
• e
a handsome engagement-
#*###$##*#
• •••••••••••••••«•••••••*••••
ring.
PRESIDENT’S ADDRESS.
75 Adolftido-st. West.
a
It affords me. gentlemen, great plo«ie ire to place before you the annual report and financial statement fir the yeare idlnj Djo 31s% 19)0. Too business, at the rop jrc shown, hat been entirely satisfactory and wvh vns exception, that of IHiD, exceed* in volume of new business
°-8£ia.r L3,?l,r	the am mnt ismed being $4.»N. 18100. an l the amount taken
81,671.71.. wolch I believe tv bi somewhat In exee» of th u aaid to have been wo cured by any other n tive life Company, all of witch, with the exception of 62A50) wriitoa In Newfound, ft* '*¦*«• obttlnod within ih D )mnioa. It it somewhat le<? than for 1893 but the business of adl ana nan Companies wat .ttmornitl for that year, owing to the lnoroi-c of rate» which took
1° *v°ld this increase there was a purfoat ru-li of intending Insurer* to ge, theirappl cation« in before the imrca-tc took place. And bore allow mo to ia» that fo, the ton«JeV.!ntmir‘Çi HDp. we added to our assurance in force $15,816,270 of which r»um r 8.539 v. as added during the last five y Mrs. I mention this, that you may know the great p 0gre«s the Company H inuing anri the ost ora and ooaflden:e in which it is held by the insuring public- * confl <enc> we boiieve well founded and which will increase as time goes on It snail be our aim to doiorve this evidence by being, if possible e 111 mo e devoted to the interesUof the poiiryholdi sin tie future urn wj hive tuen in the past.
„	* ÏÎÎ1 CL ii inf^rmpd that some «gents of competing Companies have teen stating that
oor vollcynuldere are liable to aetessmjnt at any time tno 11 >ard may foal it necn a iry tc assess them. I regret this, because It is absolutely untrue, and if such agents know anything or the principles of life Insurance they mu ?t know It to bo untrue. Thu p ,Holes of The Mutual l.i e or i «nad i are issued in conUdoraMon of a ccriain stipulated sum. called annual prom-jums, barod on tho mortality table a q roved by the Government of Canada, ani considered by tho best ac u irioa in the world su.'U^irnt In themso ves, with iuto ei; o.iralugs on re erves, to meet all obligation* incurred by this Company. The same requirement is made by the
COn,Paa,r " C“°de' Wl,;th0r
1 bo lapse * and surrenders still continue to dec/eate in proportion to amount of business In )rco. 1 his fact will bo as pleasing to our agents end policyholders as it I» to ihe Board, show-m t the v aluu altachcd to our policies and expro?eive of confidence in tho Company. The total Ï.Y5-1 Pllcie2Jn?w in two* is 20,311 amauntuig to 123.511.07651 an increase of K*ea lâvîe . >N e added to our imome $120,54128 ; ti our reserve #513.613.04 an I to our osieta fax8,101.1?, A8 the mean amount o Insuraooo carried by the Company In I960 wa? much gicator than in 18/9 so also tho los»e; from deaths exceeded those of 1§)3. but fell much bolow .1 on’ Mn. Wvrc more than covered by Interest earned on invcstmento in tho sum of IIl.5i8.07 ; the surplus earnings of the Company enabled us t > pay the polio?ho dere very l and< ime dividends notwithstanding ths fact, that owing to tho change in tno Gùmpuiy'e name, wo were ca'iud upon to spend a much larger amount in advertising, eta, than in forme»
ÏÜÎ1*1 ‘5 ,» J,oa rofurni4liing tho new ofll ;o at considerable oast, I may sty ho re that we never an^ilt or le mrnUhing as an asset in our financial étalement.
- , 1 Tlî\p,ft ' . t°ihf »rm you fiat our money has been fully Inves el during the year at fair rato< of	and that tht latereV hai boon ucu<uolly woll met. In one I'rovlm e in which
we ba>ev..J, »J0 a>inv>sto1. the in-croit duo thereon, Deo. Slit, 19W. was only 1708.22 and of this sum only 83,.tK was unpaid Fab. 1st. 1901.
1v‘,^:i^rd î? ,hÇ Change to a higher ree?rre, I need say very little, as all b nine» In force up io Dec. 31 d, 19)0. Is already on a 4 per cent, basis. Actuaries Table, and all business if» Gist timoou Hn. 31 per cent. Table. Tnere «ft? a small line of bn*iocss in the j.m< e, Janusrr. 19.0, whicn hail boen written up. but not vaesed by office, much of which had been canvowoj for and promised on a 4 per cent basis, and which we accepted at (ha old rates, Dut Ply \ on a Per cont reserve. Wo have a c onsiderable portion of business on that î.°.friT»în i havo llot, lho,,Kht it advisable to do more till another year, as a larger outlay than \ »c?rrcid *et *n5 now literature, forms and rationary rendered necessary owing to the change In ihoComptny's name.
¦»..iinrha?rl«f’0n lde’,retoth'.nk the Agente for their goal on behalf of the Company and to fiïiî»'??«#?»	^ould hare a mor j capable, xealons body of men or truer to the heel
10 Hün?y,î2y lhan lhoy have been- I would express the hope, that with tho united P	'Jf pTlicyholdere. the Board, the Agency and Office Staff, the first year of the new
TMu ?	k j ^ nner year qf the Vo npany in all that Is true and best in Life A'suraece,
.J!tn ?u!/j	and should only be done, on the merits of The Mn uat Life of Canada,
thf3£îlit?of"hp.pî«<îrt.*“wlta 0,1 ar “l,bbori-1 therc,or<''Kreit >,lcisur*
.„2r,T.u2* 91;Ur,t!<m' K c • «¦I'.. F. O. Ilruoe, M.P.. J. K Fl.krn and Qto. «L SomerTlll.
W( re re el#eted 1 »:reotors of the Company for tbs ensuing ter n of throe years.
“r-SrsSl&,rl1t/	,'XS,Ti. “**KlnR-*
IT lSrnrVS.' m«1‘,ab,te'l®'?l|RJr and re-electo 1 >fr Robert Mo via. President ; If* Alfred
9 h ! S. ‘J;.,’! •• F»r it x ice I resident ; and Mr. ti. M. Britton, KC„ 12.1% tiocood Vice l^rvsu o*l ,0* tbe company for the ensuing ye^i*
ACKACHE
I
• 10,
Ni*
is a sure indication of Sexual Weakness or other Nervous trouble, railing I owers or Diseases of the Kidneys and Pelvic Region. A woman’s backache tells of that weakness which makes it a labor and agony
liai cured Figs
and successful method of electric treatment which gently and soothingly cl is pels pain and saturates the whole body with renewed vigor, making life worth living. It is known
Dr. McLaughlin's Method of Solf-Applied Electrical Treatment
comfortably at night while the patient sleeps, and DOES NOT BIEN OR BLÎSTER, as do other appliances which have enough power to be curative.	*
? U
u
as
INFORMATION WANTED.
A man who contemplated buying a bicycle wrote this letter to a manufacturer fays an exchange : My nef-few hot hisse] f a new bissickle and sent me his old one by frate, and I've learned to ride nume. It’s a pile of
fun, but my bissickle jolts considerable. A feller com along day before yesterday with a bissickle that had holler-injun rubber tires stuffed with wind. He let me try hiasen, and mi, it run like a kualv.n. He told me you sell injun rubber Just the same as hiasen. Mine Is all iron wheels you punch the holler hole through the injun rubber oer will I have to do it myself ? How do you stick the ends together after you get it done, you • injun rubber m all ready will it some any cheaper empty f I can get til the -wind I n,Nat \are.
NO CURE. NO PAY.
.	i .After V°“ »r« cm ed you can ray me, and then the price will be only one-half
thLCtkdM,lÏo.'blktcr,therfleshPe"t 3°	**	a. an'y o'i’hcr Belt* ‘.oldfandfs the'only
one
Extracts From a Few of the Testimonials on File In Our Offlcs :
Hope ville, Out
ssessaeit/B
* ahur.yttae Lake, Out.	W. F. McDermott.
J am lxrfectlv satisfied with jronr Belt an far have used ir. I feci » groat deal » letter.
Yours Truly,
It Illiam Dixoo.
P«.ir Kir,- The pains In knee and lower par** of limbs have disappeared entirely. My back ieO K
(fetor. Ilu.	K.A.M,L.rrn
I would not take double what I paid for rour belt If 1 could not get another I baveu’t teen trou bled with mjr back rmce using it.
liouri very truly,
Thoa. W. Ferris.
as r
Norman, Ont
The night losers which used *o be so frequent are about stopped. I feel confident that in another month 1 will be entirely cuied.
K ennicott. Ont.
Do
H. Davis.
My back is entirely well, the pain is all gone and all my other troubles h i.e eft me.
Renfrew, Out.
Delbert Rouse
Vîmes Far ;uharson
24 Fair Avenue, Brantford, Ont.
•ALL TO DAY OR WRIT: FOR MY M PAÛE ROOK, WITH INFORMATION.
ADDRESS ;
130 YOMJE AT.trFT, I OFFICE HOURS; TOitOMO, 0\T.	|	9 n.ni. to 8.30
If
DR. M. D. MCLAUGHLIN
was suns,
!
p.m.






•L


###PAGE###7###





>
m





THa HAUNTED OAK.
V> wound. Doom?d ns they were by ns-tur# to till the greater part of their time
with talk, whether it were well or 111. it	—	I	rrmer. Doaht Theft Vtlllty	Po "TLeso si >> pictures of Mnti re's ore
wits inévitable that their conversation	Used le Gtrmsey by Railway	Famagertl	Droedtii® Purposes,	bottUtlfüJ," fluid Mr. L, tho art 111 ,	w	.	, T p. t
». .jzzz:.	z	K&EF"- ^ -1-
ItwiiBwHlm' 1M hCOlt VQUQy WhCthPr	of fl,ot irviehlzica, i< a prominent fea-	more especially Is the demand for flgeu	productions from the	great artist's	If Mr?. Nation has ony favorite poem, It
There was a hull that night, and the turc at n11 railroad stations in Ber-	nntl thin colts-weanitngs, year- paintings, “They are bo gentle, bo ten- must he Tennyson's “Break, Brack,
Lesters went. Lady Lester was queer,	1 in and suburbs. A p;-nny ticket cun	IInLr* «nd 2-yiar-oIds-ilacking off very	der, so suggestive of	pastoral peace	Break."-Kansas City Times,
distrait, sharp, but distinctly looking her	be used by a pastenger for a third-	ffrcatIy compared to what It was sotn#	*6<I <iulctudc!"	From the manner In which be keeps
best. Alice was thoroughly “down" and	chws journey from anv ¦tntinn on I	months or even weeks ago. This is 4 "Oh, I do lovo •beep!" exclaimed one	quiet Alfred Austin may be a little afraid
conscious that she was by no means In „	. ,inw Wl .	.	.....	ho explained In two ways, says Tb' of tho girls, “They arc bo dear! Don't of losing b&s job.—Chicago Record,
her most attractive form. Nor did any	1 y , p tu 1,111 flfth *ttt* I Breeder's Gazette. First, the qualité you think SO, Mr. L.V	Minister Wu is a prolific talker. He
special success attend her entrance to	from thc point of departure. For	of tbo range horgea now coining t'	Mr. L. looked thoughtful for a mo-	would probably hesitate to say aomoch
raise her spirits. Pretty, penniless girls	all	station* after tho fifth double	market Is not nearly as good as It wn:	ment; then be said:	were he living in Cuina.-Cincinoat! Ma. ,ESSSa	K	stats s !<“ aris
I avérai ounces with him. "It Is better	an/|	sl* wnls' respectively. A throe-	range n time or two, mid those that an-	when he decided to give up the practice	tbe prediction that he will not imperson-
thnn sitting out nil the evening," .sho said	ccnl	l:clfet cun obtained from the	left will hardly do for any purpose that	-on old man, hut uh full of sentiment	ate the lemon.—Memphis Commercial
defiantly when Lady Lester remonstrat-	ftutomahe machines; two 'nickels* have 1	may be named without tbo Incurring of	nnd feeling as he had ever been. 1	Appeal.
vi nL,.£d h 1 l< ijl 1t,!?t caseI n lot of expense for feed, care and tit shall never forget the day when the Messrs. Jeffries and Dublin are now Fckvt *wi th U\ mau ,ule deiivera 0 I ting for market.	purchaser of the flock came to take confronted with the advisability of en-
izs-vsas sir d
tbe railway company at least one win- cn their farms In the grain growing sheep had passed through the great ** ‘	'	",.	,	,
dow at each ticket-office. In all city	districts have changed their minds	gate Into the road,	waited till the lost	. * Y!™‘V 7,"^k It ron
raihvny eialmnfl no one U allow,-d on	having In timely ieneoti come to tbe	faint bleating of	tbe Hock bad died	KOst mon in that country	It would •eem
«0 supplied by automatic machine*. It	W,U at matur,ty 8el1 for more than the	There were tears	In the eyes of the	The Belgian parliament	has passed a
v 1> mentioned that by the sale of I	cos* of Production, Those that buy	"class,” and their	girlish hearts were | law absolutely prohibiting games of
these platform ticket* tho State, which owns l lie railways, nets over $500,009 a year. During tho last year over 30,000 003 tickets were supplied to the public by automatic machine* at Berlin city and suburban station*.
heard of, for the 'nickel' Is small and light and it is difficult to find n substitute for it.
nAlNUt MUMbbti LUWtK,
NEW USE FOR SLOT MACHINE.
A HdüllmeutaÂ uiu
WA »
PERT PERSONALS.
'Triy, why en you so bare, to bare,
0	bough of tbo old oak tree,
And why, when I go through the shade yva throw, Hubs a shudder over me?'*
“My leaves were green as the best, I trow,
And sap ran toot in my veins,
But I sew in tht moonlight dim and weird A guiltless tlKlm'a pains.
“I bent me down to hear his sigh,
1	shook with his gurgling muan,
And I trembled eoro when they rode any And left him here alone.
41>ey'd charged him with the old, old crime And art him fist In Jail.
Oh, why does tbe dog how* night long,
And why docs the night wind wall?
#
“I fsel the rep.' against my bark And the weight of him in my grain*
1 feci in the throe •/. hie Anal woe The touch of my ow* last pain.
“And nevermore shall leave» come forth On a bough that bears the ban.
1 am burned with dread, I am dried and dead, I'rom the curse of a guiltless man."
—Paul Dunbar In Century.
ed.
Lord Wimberlcy took her from George for his usual one dance.
“That seems n nice young man," he paid In his kind, friendly, unloverlike way. "Not well off, is be? It is n pity he hasn't some clever woman to push him along."
"Why, what could a woman do?" demanded Alice, surprised and interested.
"Oh, lots of things. Women can push and ask when men can't. They are sure to he treated politely even when they are refused, and very often they get what f	I ll,y wnnl «imply because it U difficult to
refuse a woman. Besides, they can stick Lady Lester had given her daughter to the subject. Don't you remember that Alice a season in town, hoping to marry the unjust judge gave way to the im-her off. By doing so she hod run badly port unate widow solely to get rid of her, into debt. Ltdy Lester was u handsome whereas he would have ordered n man ti woman, tall, stately, fortunate in the be thrown out. Well, now, what Mr. An-possession of a figure that did not age, ! derson wants Is that n woman should clever and discreet in repairing the ruv-1 find out some comfortable berth vacant ages of time. She usually wore black, and never rest until she has pushed him partly because It was Intensely becoming into It."
to her, partly for economy's sake. She "But how does a woman begin?" said presented n marked contrast to her daugh* Alice, with deepening interest, for there ter, who was petite, piquant, dainty, with was something fascinating in tbe picture retrousse features. Taking tho pair to- which Wimberlcy drew so lightly, get her, they were as attractive a mother ««Oh, she talks to people and finds out. and daughter ns one could hope to see, it Now, it happens, oddly enough, that 1 It had not been for the eternal discontent know of n post worth seven hundred a written on their features.	year which is practically In my gift and
Her 'troubles had not improved Lady which any gentleman who was also a Lester s temper.	man of the world and disposed to stick
"If you had only, she said peevishly to to his work could fill"— her daughter, "given half the encourage-1 «‘Why don’t you give it to Mr. Andcr-ment to Lord Wimberlcy that you have son?"
to that wretched Anderson, you might bo 1 ««Well, you sec, I don't know him, and Lady Wimberlcy, off my hands and able I am not n general philanthropist. If a to help me a little out of this scrape." friend of mine whom I wished to oblige It's no fault of mine," sail Alice sullenly. "I did nil I could to encourage the stick, wasted no end of dances on him, wore myself out with endeavoring to talk to him and make him talk, next to asked him for his box seat at the meet of tbo Coaching club"—
"Well, you got It," Interposed her moth-
An Ambiguous Answer.
thin yearlings or 2-yenr-olds now know I touched by the pathetic word picture, chance. Leopold’s visits to Taris incog-that when the stock Is of salable, work I Somebody said "Ah!" in a long drawn oito are liable to be more frequent hero able age there will be more or less I fashion. "He turned to me, my poor aflcr lliau formerly, competition from the native stocks [ old father," the artist continued, "and |	-
foaled In 1900, and these thin range said In a low, earnest voice, "William, colts must be bought very low to allow I’d go five miles any day to kick o for ell possible contingencies. If they | sheep!"—Leslie's Weekly, cannot be purchased at very low fig tires, there Is no possibility of making money from them, as the range com
petition will still have to be reckoned I *>•» entered Amherst college, he expos-1 Feed cracked wheat to the little chicks with when they are matured, and onI.\ cd himself to ridicule and jibing ques- ns soon ns they will eat It. the superior condition that Is on them |Uons of bis fellow students by placing Regularity In feeding is of more conse* together with the additional size caus over the door of his room a large qnence than quantity. Many poultry dis-They wore two big, burly Indiana. I Pd by the	more	substantial feeding,	square of white cardboard on which	orders	arc caused	by	alternate	gorging
The long ettglo feather In tho hat of will make	them	more valuable. In	was Inscribed In bold outlines the sin-	flD(j starving.
one who Is known ns "chief" and tho	short, it seems ns though the trade In 6le letter	V. Disregarding comment	Never	attempt	too	much.	Keep	only
bright red ostrich tip in the sombrero	range horses in the grain growing dis	I nnd question, the young man applied	as	man/	fo.w,H	as	you	baTe.	®mple	room
of the other would have told that If the diets had for the season about run Its I himself to his work, ever keeping In ** ^‘jn^ice to	varlt'l|e* »»
unmistakable features had not cvl-1 course. Such enormous numbers 0f mlnd tbe height to which be wished to Tbe „.,nins ration should be of whole denced It. A government employee, It tbPge nnlmols have been distributed climb, the first step toward which was % QeJd ' -,,r”,is|° fCu jbe object b£ matters not who, but one who may pos-1 that there	Is no	longer any call for	signified by the mysterious V.	ing ,0	keep lhe crop	ot' lbe	fowls	faU
slbly In certain events happening make them, nnd	It remains to be seen bow Four years later, after receiving the	during	the night,
a "stake" out of tbe tribe to which the speculation Is to turn out.	i compliments of professors a ad stu- With proper care In selecting and mat-
these Indians belong, was doing tho Certain It Is that next year the snp dents on the way he had acquitted log. tbe qualities of a strain of fowls may honors of tho capitol and showing tho ply of Inferior to common nnd medium himself as valedictorian of bis class, be improved and their egg production in-were to ask me— But none has. A pro- braves about the corridors. They left smallish horses, weighing from !MX) to young Maynard called the attention of creased as well as their plumage, pos, I want you	to do	me	n favor."	the Indian committee room and enmo	1,250 pounds, will be comparatively	,lls feI,0W	graduates to the letter over
Alice’s	heart	beat	at	this	abrupt an- to the door of the house restaurant.	large, If not actually so. Since (he or	l his door-	Then a light broke in upon
SSscrs fvi-z: --- '= t "" —4	r,s as k % » ». ,	,	, ,
glad» WoaM.be be-	"AI1 eight," was tbe quick reply of been suspended, values have dropped dletory Id mind when you put that V > ¦ epenes of eucalypti found Id Aus-
He made bis request In plain, straight- the aborigines.	back, say, $5 per head. Indicating thn, over your door?".I	to
forward language, and she gazed at him, At the luncheon counter the one who (lie supply Is still equal at least to the 1 Assuredly I had, was the emphatic	.	.
ËMiËIP	EEEHHE	EHSdÉrSâ
"Then why didn't he say that he had want from me little drl?" 81 J them that they would not have to stand many such animals on band will fluffer ues*ee* lawyer, member of congress, been in progress, given it away already?"	I Whereupon Alice, smiling nnd blushing, 8°od for the bill.	accordingly. The supply c? native attorney general of Tennessee, United } Water in which mignonette has been
"That’s a mystery to me. But I know	told him what she	wanted mos'	'	"Ugh!" grunted the brave, "we eat	common horses may be larger than It	States minister to Constantinople and	, placed should	be changed often, since it
perfectly well that he did not give it to , jn tilc following	afternoon Lord	Wim-	lot, guv’munt pay." And they did-	was thought to be. If It Is, the made	Anally postmaster general.-Sueeess.	quickly becomes foul. Heliotropes should
mo for love of me nnd also that he obvi- berley called on the Lestera nnd found four cups of coffee each, half a dozen over rangers will make their pur-	- not l,e ,î1j.xvd other cut flowers in
ni!8 n h!	bcforB tMug my vcry	them at home. Soon after his	arrival	hard boiled eggs, three ham sand-	chasers only a little money, if any. It	Senff	Spoons.	J !i< y	< ny uK ^Iy aiJ,i «
P "I om snre that he wni mn.t nice”-	AlicC loft lbe r0Om	on BOme	TbFD	:	Glebes, one dozen doughnuts, a whole	seems as though It would bo well to go	. AU the world ls fanjillar w|tb snuff-	harmful effect	upon the other blobeocu
h« pnmn. imrn n ,inoi"	that something had happened. She was a to foot made his week’s salary look on by our correspondents everywhere, kpail h; l ga e0DS' , 8n,llf tIlU9 bc* cheap.
"Yes and Is lust ns nlcascd to talk to	anxiou«» l>ut she did not dare ques-	like 7 cents.	says The American Agriculturist. Tbe	ca™e a common article In England.	The	oldest	waterworks	system	In	tbs
Loster, who was too much accustomed	«'No," replied Alice boldly. "He asked	be In company	with	that particular ! tied down to Its proper place. The an- ,	n<1 ,rs« t0 ^ Arabella replies.	A
t0ii!rTk <rnlisbifri8 m^Cln-u l<jDOt t-	me to. It was arranged last night that I	clerk.—Washington Star.	tomobile will follow In the same way.	B,,oon t00- rljat s very gallant, for	to
Oh. I don t know. Why does any one	hliauld.»	--------- Tbp boric w1„ Devcr bp SUn,,looted In	8ec 8onle Pe°P|c run tbelr fnt CnKcrs	A	C1,P	of	hot	eoffoe	ls	an	unfailing
do anything? One must do something.] Motbpr nnd daughter looked fixedly «How Soon We Are Forgot.*' nomilar favor for nleasure drlvln" ond ' lnto a bos 13 as nauseous as eatlug barometer If you allow a lump of sugar
===== 5=s==s r'";; ,
=3S£*5m »s=-: r ZSSEHBE Ee.ëSiSt
carried coup to their mouths. As late snow, nnd if the hubbies separate with-
FOWLS AND THEIR FRUIT
Few cates of fraud are
It is of no advantage to cell the old
geese.
One drake and five ducks make a good
Ills Coni the Letter “V."
When the late Horace Maynard, LL. breeding pen.
On the Governments
i
FLOWER AND TREE
The highest trees in the world belong
or
TALES OF CITIES.

i

A Coffee Barometer.
to drop to the bottom of the cup and In the forties nnd fifties snuff spoons watch the air bubbles arise without were still In use on the Scottish border, disturbing the coffee. If the bubbles
many.
quite certain—that I have tried to give
him every kind of opportunity, and ho has ^ ^ ^	^ ^	^ ^ o #uuu
never taken advantage of one of them.1 ?hon= mân/mên of môre°agJ.^Be«i,'lcThe	wu,u‘> olu Kv-mvmeu lorgo.teu u, j „ ,vvvllt BUIC lu „e„ lultt
On the contrary, nis onc^desire has al* jg seri0USi devoted to politics, much ad-1 "ulne-tenths" of the visitors to the ting bred gelding brought the ________
..... ‘	... mired as a speaker, as you yourself said, building and wonders somewhat why | m0us sum of $7,800, while one pair of 09 18,7 a fanner ût Norhaui-on-Tweed out assuming any fixed position change-
and he certainly knows his own mind. Richard Montgomery, Thomas Mifflin,
He practically, and very tactfully, offer- Charles Thomson and Francis Hopkfn-cd me a place for George with seven hundred a year, so that we may be able to marry and be out of the way If I would help him, and a man doesn’t do that unless he means business."
on or
ways seemed to get away."
^Uur foolish encouragement of Andcr- nna ue cmamly Knows ms own mind, tuenara Montgomery, momas Minim, harness horses brought $5,000 and an-
BBSS®1
| him an answer tomorrow. 1 have thought compllshments.-	saddle or draft, to supply the demand,	*	¦¦¦
It over, and I shall say 'Yes/ He swears	¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ — 1	—	which Is likely to remain constant for
that he loves me and has never loved	A Decisive Step.	a long while,
any one else"—	His chum came In and found him
businesslike way.	i g||ng, unthinking, unfeeling nnd care
“Hello!" says the visitor. "Wbats |pR8 handler, but as a rule they generally make bad matters worse. In “Nothing," he answered. "I m only education of tbe colt tbe bit should sending back Miss Hamilton-High low a bp of the simplest, plainest kind. A hair, that's all."	straight bar bit, neither too long nor
“Engagement off again?"	too short for tbe mouth, should ho
“Ye8*”	used. The bridle must be so arranged
"How many times does this maker tbat tbe blt ,8 p|aced proper,y aiul
"Five. It's final this time, though, De|ther hangs too far down nor Is
one way or tho other."	drawn up too tightly In the mouth.
“Does she say so?"	Some horses handle the joint bit bet-
“Oh, she always says It’s final. 1 m fer jn (be mouth than tbe straight one.
It s off for» ag % gives more room for tho tongue.
When the horse contracts tbe habit of putting bis tongue over the bit, a straight bit, with a plate or spoon on it, should be used. Many hard mouthed horses which have become Inveterate pullers may be cured and driven safely by tbe use of a large rubber covered bit, which can be r& duced In size after a time. A very large covered bit prevents a horse from taking it between bis teeth and bolt Ing.—American Agriculturist
was seen using one.
able weather may be expected.
At Variance.
"There’s a whole lot of difference." remarked the freckled fanatic, “In wishing you were dead and wishing you were In heaven."—Indianapolis Sun.
ENLIGHTENING HIM.
that? Remember that I am your moth er."
Marjorie Fleming baa very pretty feet, hasn't she?
She has very pretty shoes—and
A Mescaline Lady’s Maid.
A Boston la d while exploring tbe flies of a paper printed In his town a century ago came arrosa this rather star-1 1° ' no opportunity to show them, tllng advertisement: "8 Rogers informs But isn't it nevvisary to haw prêt-
rr zzK tw
to give him notice tbe previous day.
Ladies who engage to and don’t dress must pay him half price."
Alice had not seen her mother angry for years. She was amazed and a trifle alarmed at the unexpected ebullition of the wrath of the dove.
"Of course I was only Joking," she said sulkily. "You gave It to me, and I thought I might have a little one back.
Of course he is not likely to think of you. lie is o great deal too wise to make such a—er— um-well, you know what I mean, a — er — um — well, you know what I mean."
"You are an exceedingly Insolent girl," was the mother's reply to this polite apology, "and I terribly regret crippling my-	.,,
•elf In this way In order to give you • by the grace of God, and when he brings •fiance toat you have wasted."	bis patience, pedagogical training and
"I never asked you to.”	innate sympathy wilh children to bear
"Yes, you did. You were always say upon his task of teaching he is undoubtIng that you never had a proper chance edly n success. I have been told by edu-like other girls and what you would do cational authorities in Germnny-men. of
if you had. Well, now you have had it, course: the German women are not deciding things Just now. and what good has It been?"	authoritles-that women have neither the	ever or cards out soon!
Id this dialogue of "I never did" and	ability nor the necessary knowledge to	"How do you do ftT
"I wish I hadn't" there was no doubt a	rank with men in the	teaching profession, "Little	scheme	of my own.	Yon
great deal of truth on	both sides. Lady	and one often looks	in vain for women	know	the color of	her hair,	don't you?
Lester had been foolish. Alice had been teachers In the schools until one pene- \yflrn) brown, with a little raw umber
ST5ÏM?3£iTT5fî£ïr KSwSSXS&AK "¦ "<"• ““	““
after all, doe. not depend solely on Hit ««bools ha, probsbly largely Influenced
desire and need of the	seeker. It wonld t,rls *”7ers"	Ge,rman men haTe	.	,	„	thll	tlm,
have been better If the	ladles had accept-	conspired to discourage In every way fe-	down	to	genuine	emotion	this	time.
ed the Inevitable without recrimination.	ma,« "«pirations beyond the foot walls	She’ll know whether she loves	me	or
but they had both been ground to each a	of her own home and to exalt as the	not, and If she does she’ll walk	me	In
sharp edge by the continual stress of pov	j*** of womanh* d t!, t « k and docile	i,v the ear."—London Malt
wt/ that the slightest contact wu liable housewlf..-Natlonal Review.
from the first. There Is no other reason why I should marry him. Is there?”
But, reviewing the circumstances of op?” the case, Alice felt that this answer might mean anything.—London World.
UNCHEERFUI»
Is your son pursuing the usual studies? inquired the visitor.
WÊÊ HI	H	Yes. answered Farmer Corntossel;
China. There any one who writes an he’s still pursuin' ’em. an* from what Immoral book is punished with 100 I kin hear, without much show of kit-blows of tbe heavy bamboo and ban | chin' up to 'em.
for	who reads
U Is also punished.
Censorship In China.
The censorship Is a very real thing In
German Teachers.
The Gerjnan man Is often a "teacher
TO BE EXPECTED.
I believe she U thinking of marriage, she said.
Of course, he continued.
Why do you say. of courge!
Because of her sex.
Cnfemlnlne.
Fogg—It Isn't such n difficult thing to read character by the handwriting.
1 believe I enn do It myself.
Bass—Well, try your skill on that letter 1 received a short time ago. What
do you say to that?	Mrs. Jones, reading-PcopIe who
Fogg—In the first place, the writer is mafce matches acquire a fatal disease a very unwomanly woman.	of the jaw. Did you know that!
Bass—How do you come to that con Mr. Jones—No; but I know the poor elusion?	chap who falls a victim to their
Fogg-None of the words are under match-making usually get* it i» üie
neck. ;
HIS OBSERVATION
doing up is red—good, regular, standard red. I tell yon we’re going to get


•cored.
%w. a r i









###PAGE###8###
9
>

\

{
BOOTS ! BOOTS
Easter
HERE THEY ARE !
HERE THEY ARE!
Is at hand. So is our new stock of
We want the people to know about our Boots. We have lots of them—big and little and fine, all new goods. We will tell about a few of them and invite you to come and see for yourself. -:	-:- -:-	-:- -;- -> >
Men’s
NOT A CAR-LOAD OF THEM, BVT THE LAKOEST RANCH OF
BOOTS AND SHOES.
coarse
Choice Handsome Suitings
EVER SEEN IN OVR VKOOHESSlVE (U) A HE U) TOWN.
You want a Spring Suit. AY hen buying why not buy the best ?
We invite everybody before they buy for Spring to call and see our goods. What make of boots do you like ? We keep Amos Holden’s, James Linton & Co's, Whitham Shoe Co’s, C. L. McCready’s. You can have your choice at
$
?
*
!
WHKN WE FINISH THEM FOK YOr THY THEM ON. \ND IF TO YOVH KNTiHB SATISFACTION, FAY VS. IF NOT, KMFV YOVH MONEY.
See the Goods See the Workmanship See the Fit.
The Shawville Boot & Shoe Store.
Solid Granger Pebble $1.60 Coarse Fine Split • - .
Regular Coarse Fine -1 )ongola
We also carry a full line of GRANBY RUBBERS any size you like to ask for.
1.00 1.25 -	125
A. ROLAND McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR

!
OPPOSITE PONTIAC House-
!Y[. STEWART
SHAWVILLE.
S. Did 1 foigvt St igv> f Well, no. About ntx different kinds in black and due,
î
botter - -Better Goods at $2, $2.50,4.00
» $
1.50

Ladies’
THE WAR.

dU
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
A Great range of Shoes from	..	.. 75c.	to	$1.50
Dongola	Boots ..	..	1.25
better	..	1.50
better	still	2.00
II
m
Boers are Probably Sorry


IHF.lil i*C*TTION I< WOKsi: NOW .1 \N IT V. 4** Bl.FOHE TilLY RE.EVTtD 1HK IT It E
PROPOSALS.
Foitiac Pacific Jicii By.
4 4
?
“Gold Medal " Brand,
* 4

New Y»»ik, March »<• The correspond-
'"ThVnwlsrtUviîJîb"/.' by*thi« u.iie which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb.
RUS ! sorry that they declined to accept the !’• * ; terms uffjrtd by L rJ Hitch mei1 Pe a ey ,	^ " , has been to badly beaten that it is doubtful
' b.-.o if he ever will recover from the blow.
!	' Î! Venter* lorp, near which town h > was
K.u j routed, lies vvjst of the Johannesburg-s ^ : K vrked >rp Railway, a » ut midway her ] tween Krugersdurp and Litchenburg.
Ü3Ï ; Vaalbank, where his convoy was captured 7lS ‘ is twenty miles writ of Yvriteredorp Delarey has been operating m this distr c t for some time, h i obj c: being to harass convoys. Hitherto he has been fvirly successful, but he has now met with a blow, and, as Pc Wet is still lying low,
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway j after hia disastrous ii-visi n if Cipe at Aylmer.	Colony, and Lucas and Meyer are still,
tpparently bvirj driven before (îeneriil French, in the Ets’ern Transvaal, Do*ha
to know what to
Official Time Table :
Old Ladies’
Dongola, wide .. ..
gaiters ..
A V.
PM.
s -*5 Leave
1.25
1.25
Aylmer tBre« keurtdge t Eardley Parker’s Crossing r Mohrs viuyou
Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Shaw ville Clark's
Campbell’s Bay
crank V Vinton Coulouge 'Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station, tTatik. vF’ag Station.
Arrive
pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are using a poor flour compare results and you will i pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers
it OJ
44
• •
6.12
• •
4 •
8.18
4 4
8 26
• 4
tU7
Boys’
I *
8.»7
4 4
I 4
M6
44
# I
4.58
4 4
4 4
7.04
A nice Boot for .. Regular Coarse Fine .. A good one Tans .. ..
Dongola ..
90c.
7.£6 7.45
IV Special Prices in 5-ban el lots.
• #
« 4
k.80
• 4
1.10
7.1
THS SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
8 03
• 4
7 .Of
8.12
I #
B «

1 25
8.30
I 4
Leave 6.»0
4 •
f.47
8/A A
4 «
1.50
ve
rri
the devil would run it lows his cast niters to help themselves, be ruso ho belies es < veryb nly is to be trusted, lie niviounve* the profit he keeps f >r hmvel! en each at tide, just enough to support hiaiitd; and family. He will iut keep whiskey, tobacco It
Mr. Norton al-
Aguir.aldo Caught by General
Funston.
1 °ri
• e
# #
We haw no loom in the ad. to tell of the Girls’ and Children's Boots, but xve have lots of them at popular prices.
Will be pleased to show them.
P. W. RESSEMAS,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT wj|| he s
::i: s paring pko.te<7 prove*
ivGETHER «VCvEhMhVL.
r. *.(>;!
y i
1 do
xt.
----	, or drugs. In shcr\ he is a'tempting to
Manila, March 28. -Gen. Funstnn'» fa ry on the idea m Mr, KhvUr.h’e work.
' i h a St ps Thep ... \ . Mr,N given his *•< n a wide r^pu'atton, and people c mo from m 1 »s ?<» trade with him. He is n«>w emptying 25 clerks and is A zrinald > was captured there March seriously in uring the tride of his competitors.
The United States gunboat Yitksburg, ! Mr. Powers proposes to give every form rdvr were commander K B. Harry, with General of attraction to draw trade. Ho has ar-winged, v, h re up n t:.v party surrender Funstoti and Agu t.a'du un board arrived ranged to build an addition t » his store.
ra « et. here • !.. i m : captured. The regiment thon captured a convoy of 20 wagons and a number of cattle, sheep and horse*. Liter another ¦ v.mvoy of ten wagons was captured.
• London, March .‘10. — A des pitch from Victoria says Gen. Methuen is ill of fever but is progressing satisfactorily.
EOEF. LOSSEa FOR FEBRUARY.
Durban, Natal. March £
;d Imperial L'jht Horse.which is made daring project for the capture of Aguinal of NatalLn e regime: er cat ill
— The S’e-
OTTAtVA&GATINEAU pj
E. IjODCINS & SON.
-, busy in Sw.v .'land, do in his hiding j.’ace in the provinc captured 1000 heau of Isabel!a. Island of Luzon has pr-»v S me of the men mot » .completely cu c ' is s‘;ng of a commandant ithei
•i i
1

Fall and winter Tima Title
e*jful.
n
• »,


I!,er [ and s-
«. ?
i i
Tailing effect Nov.
No. 1 Train Leave ( no. 2 Train Arrive O'lawn Nos. 1 and 2 daily
1900
iV>
They ordered 2Crd • i their hn Is. Tiv
M 5
r

»

the Doer

am
|,,9P-m wh
? t
SI
nwa
Hi.i
v
• Ml
) were s ow m
if
S
g Spring 1901.

w} ve ho will feed nil comers at cost.
I He has arranged to gm farmers tickets j that will entitle ‘be n : » n> • me of the livery stables, lie will oiler all manner E . ! of inducements to diuw patrons, and has H|| announced that he will run his store | the devil would run it. j bands to furnish mu and souvenirs away.
Sunday
F*
w
apply
For tickets and further Infirmât! tu Central Chamut-r*, Ottew i.
In January, from his hiding placo in the province f Isabella, Agyfniido wrote letteis anatîiematizing the sub-chiefs who had taken the oath of allegiance to the T uited State*. Liter Aguimddo or» dered certain forces in southern Luz m j to join him at a rendezvous in Isabella Pretoria, March 21*.— The Boer losses I province. The rebel entrusted with the for the month of February in killed a- aforesaid orders secretly negotiated mounted to 100, while over ItiOO were with the Americans. < >n securing neces-taken prisoners or surrendered. Accord- airy information Gen. Funaton planmd ingtoestimtP.ee given by the enemy in Aguinaldos capture, and with General the field and by prisoners, the number of MacArthui s authorizition, proceeded killed and wounded altogether was 54%), two weeks ago to make the attempt, the majority of the casualties being the Gen. Funaton, with Surgeon-Major resu't of Gen. French a operations and Harris, (’apt. Newttn, Lieut. Admise, Babington'e attack on Delarey’s force.
§
P. \Y\ Kî'SsHM VN.
OenT Hup’l. L
Look at the sunny side of life, f; .lend, and the time you waste grumbling, put in attending to the wants of your household. You will wonder how much more can be bought at the end of the year, when purchasing from a reliable source...............
WE SELL EVERYTHING IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, CLOTHING, BOOTS & SHOES, HARDWARE,
CROCKERY, &c., &c.,
At Paralyzing Low Prices for Cash.
I
as D4j
s »
1I-» wi 1 employ f o.i certain day», t <»f value will be given p A large red '‘devil’’ will be prum inently displayed in the grocery.
T
8 l

RAILWAY
l
Robert Leitch, of the Wilherforcc, dropped dead it) on Wednesday of last week, was buying horses for a firm near Wahna-pitae and had purchased quite a few to be delivered at Cobden on Tuesday. While he was attending to his horses in the stable, he asked a boy to water them, and then started f r the hotel. When 1 Leitch neared the house the boy saw him fall and immediately summoned help. j He was carried into* the hotel and two1 doctors summoned, Lut expired before they arrived.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
township of i Cobden .Mt. Leitch
Lieut. Mitchell, eix veteran scout», and a company of native scouts, all picked
Bloemfontin, Ma.ch 29.-Mr. Steyn ,, “eD- en'ba,ked1 on the gunboat Vicks still reported to be west of the railway j b“r« ""d were landed un a remote beach in the neighborhood of Paardeberg. It '^ove B. er. It was arranged that
is stated that he is ,u Coring from dy ¦ j Aguinllbos emt.asry with the nature Bentry	J scoute, should pas; themselves eff us inDurban, March 29.—It is rumoured	tro,,Pe- "ho having captured
tieo. rimston and other», were inking
them as prisoners to Aguinaldo. At the right time, when brought before Agu iualdo, Gen. Funston was to give a signal, when the tables were to be turned ai.d Aguinaldo was to be seized. Six
On and after Jaa. 13th and until further advised train service will be M follows :
STEYN NEAR FAARDEBERb.

Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a 6.10 A. M. - Lo al—Stops at all intermediate * tans
Branch, Haw	y lirai: h, Valley livid, i ts
at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west:
o9.CC A M . L.mited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.m.. making close eonne lions with 1. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate pointa east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
V8.Ce A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m: Pullman Parlor Car attached.
Arrives Montreal 9.50 a.m. Rvekland
that a considerable area in the West of Orange Colony, which was sewn after Prinsloo’s surrender, has now been reaped by the Boers, who will thus be sup plied with grain.
Bloemfontein, Thursday, March 28. —
Sir Alfred Milner, escorted by an ar- d8*8,mar?h mto the interior were con-
mored train has returned to Transvaal j tümP'*tet*. - feathery was considered Qvlony	; possible, but every precaution was taken.
troops in New Vicaya and New
London, April ,-TU W.r	..., tZfJîl
received advices from Lord Kitchener, Funaton* força
dated Hretona, March 30, reporting the ; Manila, March 30.-The captura of capture of ,2 Boer, m Orange Colony Aguma'do i, bearing fruiLI
iB ™	: :: EHESB: ;	S
9.0$ P. M. Local -From Montreal, and inter- j . Kon#on, March 31. A despatch from 0f h:s atr< c.ouk crimes, has sent an ends-
$ % Si	teas ÿtiiSiSS IKS5SB 5US56Î3
• ¦ ta rase*==-F UpSüL	i xtL	^
Middle and wSn Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.	useful to the iloers.	j monetary reward. The amount has not
(Daily, except Sunday)	All standing crops have been destroy-1 specified
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;	j ed, but the women and children are be-j It has also been recommended that
•fiüffisssB****	stwasar"'
4.40 P. M For A rnprior. Renfrew. Egan ville. Pern-	Prntmria Mircli 10 -TIia R	(]a |, ^Sliila, March 29, 9 .>0 p. m.— After
broke, Madawaaka and intermediate étalions. | 1 retoria, March JO. 1 he Biers de- bfing convinced of Aguinaldo's capture,
1.00 P. M. Miw Train for A,.prior. Hrnlmw, I "^plundered a fro.ght train near (j9n. u.rommn, the insurgent leader in Banville. Madawaaka and intermediate stations. Johannesburg last night.	! the province of Morons, Luz m, has sur
! s>2ss»S3S i
5.55 p. M From Parry Sound. Eganvttle, Ben | Mported to-day.	MætO.
frrw. Arnprior aud intermediate pointa.
2.50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawaaka, Egan-nlle, Itenfrcw, Arnprior and intermediate station*.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
A Card.
ARMSTRONG BROS., LADYSMITH.
We, the undesigned, do hereby agree to refund the money on a 50-ceut bottle of Greene’s Warranted Syrup of Tar if it fails to cure your cough or cold. We also guarantee a 25 cent bottle to prove satisfactory or money refunded.
Shawville Drug Co.
al.HO F. M., Limited—Stops Alexandria and Coteau June. on.y,
Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m attached
all i Onto east of Montreal. For Valleyfleld and nil point* south of the St. Lawrence Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. m New York 7.20 a.m. Has through Buffet Sleeping far. OttAwa to » Y -k.
Highest Prices for Produce.
Pullman Parlor Car Connects with trains for Portland and
E
ver. St.
CLEARING THE TRANSVAAL.
afe.lC P. M. Local-Stops at Intermediate stations Arrives Montreal 10.00 Junction for Cornwall,
p.m. Connects at Coteau Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
Cheese Meeting.
Get Your
etc
\ public meeting of the patron* and shareholders of the Green Lake Cheese and Butter Company will he held on Saturday. April 13th at 2. P. M., at No. 10 School,
the season'* wor
Tenders for drawing milk on the differ ent routes will lie received, also tender* for a Secretary. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
President.
Printing
purpose of organizing
for
done at
The Equity Office.
Shawvillc, March 23, 1601.
Sr

O
Cards,
Tickets,
Posters,
PATENTS
[PROMPTLY SECURED]
Dodgers,
Envelopes,
Programmes,
Bill Heads, Note Heads, Letter Heads.
Write for our interesting books " Invent* 'or'# Help" and "How you ere swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion ma to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often, been successfully prosecuted fy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work mud quickly as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in IN OPPOSITION TO HI* RIVAL WHO RVMM HI S over loo newspapers distributed throughout
STORE » AS CHRIST WOVLE. RVN IT. "	bu.ine.s ol M.nuf.C
——	Iturersand Kngiucers
Marion, Iud.. March 27 -Becau.e A. I MARION & MARION
, : Norton- »cru«. the itrenf, ia tunning! ( Patent Experts end Solicitors lus grocery as “Christ would run it" P. G.	f New Vorlr Life B'ld'g, n*«ttrunl
Powers | r.poses lo run his giueery u»s
secure Paten
DR. LEYD8 AGAIN.
London, March 31.— The Amsterdam correspondent of the Daily Mail says : Dr. Leyde and hia colleagues have sent
Central Bent,Bussell Home Elect.
a=«Œ	brir ?	“d./rr».n me;
loan.	chants intend to boycott English goods
a.	Trains run daily enept Sunday.	systematically until independence ia grant-
b.	Sunday only, e, Ml).	ed to the Boers.
O
As The Devil Would
Everything in the line of Neat Plain Printing for the Merchant and Tradesman.
ft

(
l
l




