###PAGE###1###
"S
h
I
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 20, 1902.
No. 50. 19ru Year.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
TEEM MI
BANK OF OTTAWA
I FARM FENCING
______ONLY
130 Cents per ROD. |
ii
Fancy silks in blouse length*, cheep, at Mrs. D. McRae’s.
Apprentice Wanted A «mart boy to learn the bakery business. Apply to
The Rhawyille Bakery
Intending travellers should write J.
R. Tierney, Arnprior, Ont., Ocean and Railway tickets to all parts of the world.
For Enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photos of the best platino finish go to Imison s Photo Studio.
RAMSAY'» PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inalde page. For sale by O. F. Hodglne, Shawvllle.
A choice stock of picture frame moulding* at linison's Studio.
E(u;h ! Eckis !—Any quantity of good fresh eggs will be purchased at Stewart's Boot and Shoe Store, Sliawville.
Bear in mind ray days at Campbell's Bay ! Having secured a new and fresh stock
Ôieday on"y ""	of GROCERIES people can rely on get-
ting a good article. Intending buyer* would do well to come and inspect our *U*k.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........S2.uoe.ovo
......... 1,705,WO
Head Office: . Capital paid up
NEXT WEEK!
OF CANADA.
Jjleet
Hoard of Dirtdon :
Charles Magee, Ekq., President. Giorob Hay, iBQ.,Vioe-President.
¦¦¦¦¦ John Matmrr, I»Q..
Davih MacLakin, Eaw.,
- $6,000,000.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited
PICTON, ONT.
Ho*. G bo. Batson, Je. ?lnx.Fhàska. Esq.
Dennis Hhki-hy, Esq.
Head Offirr. • Montreal.
General Manager. .. .. Manager,
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINK IB
THE NEW CROERY
Beginning next Monday Morning, May 18th.
Branches : IN ONTARIO
Keewatin. Kemptr lie, Mattawa, Bracebrtdge, Ottawa,
do
Carleton
Cobden Haw kes bury,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Parry bound,
Pembroke,
Rat Portage,
Winchester,
Renfrew
Toronto,
-AND-
Alexandria, ?rn prior,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol-and upwards and interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
At
ore
ÏLHi
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE :
MEAT SHOP.
do Bank St. do Ridcan 8t do Romerwt Ht. Winche*tfr Vanklffk Hill, Smith s Falls
IN MANITOBA :
Place,
(Corner Main and Plckanock St».)
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
,	Hull,
UBJHg- Bhawinigsn Agents is Canada, New York and Chicago-Rank of Montreal.	—	_
Agents in 8t. Paul-Meichants Nat Bnuk.
Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Parrs Bank Ltd,
lari
Lechut»
Montreal
10 A.M. TO 3 F.M
To Let.—The office and rooms former ly ocnnnied by Dr. McNaughtoo, in Mrs. U. H. Knox's house, Main Street, Shaw ville. For particulars apply to A. 8 Smart, Shawville.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager,
BOOTS AND SHOES :
LOCAL NEWS.
We find our stock of Footwear to be large in many lines, and in order to reduce it and clear out broken lines and odds and ends, we have decided to have a cheap sale of the entire-stock—for 10 days only.
Notice.—8. A Mack ay, Notary Pub __ I lie, has resumed his notorial profession IA Call solicited in the Village of Bryson, and intends I visiting Shawville every Tuesday as here tofore.
LOCAL NEWS.
. ^	. m* WANTED—A good reliable man t(f do
Advertisers and correspondents are generaj farm work. None other need np-
reminded that we cannot assure the ; p^,	D. Campbell.
Insertion of matter unless It is In	Maple Ridge.
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Sur-
H. A. HODGINS.
Dr. McPhee, dentist, of Arnprior, requests mu to inform the public that he geon Dentist, will ho at Shawville on I constantly in attendance, and will he third Tuesday in each month, and tamp- pleased to see his numerous friends from hell's Bay the following day. Parties will the Quebec side this oblige very much by calling early.	____________________
hand by Monday noon of each week.
A raft of square timber, belonging to Mr. J. W. Monroe, of Pembroke, passed over the Calumet slides lsst week.
The territorial elections in the North West on Wednesday last resulted in the return of the Hanlton government by a substantial majority.
Bad hush fires have been raging over the northern part of Litchfield township, in the neighborhood of Bear and Long Lakes, also on Davidson'sCouloiige limit.
for job
summer
Every line will be sold at special cut prices
From 15 to 30 per cent. Discount. .
The Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon will receive applications from Teachers up to 10 of t he clock, a. m., of Friday, the 13th day of June, 1902.
Number of teachers wanted One model school teacher and thirteen elemenrary teachers, holdihg satisfactory diplomas.
As many of the teachers (applicants) as feel disposed to attend are invited to be present at said engagement.
The teachers In the municipality are relieved from teaching on the said 13th day of June, 1903
Applications to he addressed to Hugh Matheson, Sec.-Treasurer, Shawville, Que.
Dated at Shawville the 26th day of May
By order, H. MATHESON,
Sec. Treasurer
Mrs, Rev. Win. Knox, and child
Mr. Michael Toohey, of Thorne, who	...
had been confined to his bed for the past Beach burg, arc visiting at Mis. H.
three years from a particular form of Argue#.
spinal disease, which baffled the best Mrs. A. Colton and Miss Shields, Fort medical treatment available, paid nature’s Coulonge. were in tow n on Monday, debt on Sunday the 18th insfc Hie remains were interred in the R. C. burial I Died.—At Campbell's Bay, May lath, ground on Tuesday 30th, a large con- 1902, Richard Gamble, third son of Mr . course of friends and neighbors turn- and Mrs Thomas Proudlock, aged 19 l»g out to pay their last tribute of respect | years and 8 months, to his memory
Terms Cash.-Parties owing work at this office are requested to settle for the same at once. W o cannot afford to wait for money due on this account.
This is a timely sale—don’t miss it—you want the goods NOW.
The Committee of tue Pontiac Teach Association, appointed to consider ways and means for the proposed picnic, have decided to hold it at the Calumet
rgs. s
county convention of the 8. 8. workers of Pontiac will he held at Campbell’* Bay on
&J..nd7 « 8«W.	Th„„	- -
Hong Kee, Chinese laundry man, who ! «ay «June 1-.	'	Up	¦jSppkpHpp
has carried on business here for the past | Onslow, at ^ LetIt s Line, Friday, ! About twenty members of the Rid six months, left on Monday for the	dune 13.	ford R. Association assembled at the
flowery Kingdom. His laundry will be	\yE w^t The	News	range on the 24th, and held a spoon
carried on by his nephew, who has been	q')1A AUthor	of Black	Creek notes,	competition, the result of which the
here for the past month.	whose budget of items	appeared in	our	Secretary promises to have in for next
Convention : —The annual
era
Mr. P. G. Nash, formerly Clerk of the U. O. I). Ass'n, brother-in-law of Mr. R. McC. Ritchie, of Bryson, has been appointed Clerk of the City of Dawson.
Overcoat Found.—Mrs. McCredie, of Elmside, has handed into this office an overcoat which answers the description of the garment advertised in these columns last week.
1902
There is no better stock than we offer you.
FOR SALE
Thoroughbred Durham Bull, “ Premier Knight II." Registered No. 31378. Three years old 20th Mi
*1
FRANK R ARMSTRONG,
Clarendon Front
J. H. SHAW.
Still in Session.—The Court of King’s Bench, which opened at Bryson nn the tith insfc., is still in session, having resumed business on Tuesday after a four days’ adjournment.
Last week the Court disposed of the,	n « j i ttt - wm,, ,, . _
case of Noisily Dwhyer, the Assyrian | R 8.—ReBCly-tOWGRT UlOtûing. woman who abandoned a newly born .	...	, An Early Blaze.—About half-past I infant here on the 9th of July last. A
sometimes	an item which âPP®frs	three o’clock on Friday morning last our	verdict of	guilty,	with	a	strong	recoin -
At Christ Church Cathedral, Montreal,	Per,ec.lv	nAr‘n4L U'.U8,’ ^ot T®1.0^	citizens were aroused from their slum	inondation	to	mercy,	was	brought	aon Sunday Morning last, His Grace Arch- acquainted with the particulars; contains ber8 fche Hirtrm 0f	which had gainst her, and she received a sentence
biHhop tfond Injtolled Vei, R*t. De*n » ,tmg th.t wounds, andthua we become	l)roken,„ut in Hudgins’ bake shop, on	of five month* additional	imprisonment.,
Brownlee and H. G. Walsh, were or- to recording the news items which come	grown wj10 re8ides on the opposite side	neases were heard	in	the case, and one
dained Deacons.	*tir	W0UJ“^ more of the street, and whs then so far ad- rather remarkable feature of it was
szr-	*.r£
Meanwhile we wish Mies Jennie a safe takinc a day off	A number took ad-	time were quite oblivious of the danger	the result of a squabble between the two,
and speedy voyage acro-w the	boundless	VAnta 4 the cheap	railway fare to visit	which threatened them. The alarm was	was found guilty and sentenced to three
,	the Capital ; others	went to the Grand	then made general throughout the vill-	years in the penitentiary,
meeting of the new	hoard of	Calumet Slides with	the twofold object	A8e’ and ,n » very short time crowds of	The cases of Kingsbury and Howard
directors, Mr. Dowd was re-elected preei- 0f pic-nicking at that delightful spot, and men and women hastened to the scene of I are on for hearing this week, dent and managing director, and ar- witnessing timber shooting the slides.	the conflagration, where their united
rangement made to increase the capacity The diaciplea of Isaac Walton, also, daunt	etfort8 were Put fo th to Mve the sur-
of the Pakenham milia (recenüyacquired) not t,„ prospect of impending thun- rounding buildings. Owing to the lack to 400 barrels, and also to erect a h0,000	der showers	went north, in conspicuous	^re ^ghting appliances Caldwe 1 a
bushel elevator at that point.	numbers at	an early hour, to invade the	building, which was attached to the bake-
WSÊBBSmkm
timber, fences, etc. Jjj . .	I eventually the roof collapsed, after which one young lady says she hojies it may
îàte&s
«-J ^	sx ‘ftjSTrSS 6% so sortis1 s %	- «. »,*, -
The annual meeting of the shareholders Mrs. T. A. Proudfoot, Fort Coulonge, I these buildings taken fire, it is doubtful Arnprmr a unit last iSatnrday, and Ma-of the Dowd milling company washeld on and Miss Jessie, Portage du Port. His where the conflagration would have ceased, hoi appeared the following to unday with Wednesday, May 21st. The directors sons are : John, living in Yukon, Joshua, Happily prevailing conditions were of a very becoming hat H wKÊÊÊ^M I report declares a dividend of ten per cent in Vancouver, and George, living at the most favorable character when the >Vo are pleased to sec Mrs. Thonip-on paid up capital stock, out of the past Moosomin, N.W.T. His brother Joshua I fire broke out The morning was calm, son s smiling face around town once more year’s earnings, after setting apart a con- resides a*. Renfrew.	and the buildings and grounds were and hope she may remain,
siderahle sum to the rest fund, and also His funeral took place on Monday after- damp from the previous night's rain. Mr. and Mrs. AubvrapMfl enawvilie f 1.300 for depreciation in value of the noon, May 19th, and was largely attend- Had the tire occurred 24 hours previous- a jv"*# visit r rKj*J	I I HBJ
plant in Quyon mills. The following ed. The officiating clergyman was Rev. ly, a more serious story would have to l>e Mr. Smiley, of Shawville, has been gentlemen were elected directors for the Mr. Lackey, of the Church of England, I told.	lucky	enough to secure Mr. Robert Hus
current year : fl. 8. Dowd, J. À. Cameron of which denomination deceased was a ! The Orange Hall which cost about sell s hi» d horse, and n ^ engaged Mr.
Joseph Amm, Edward Graham, D. Me- j devoted member. Messrs. John D. I f1,200 was insured for $700 ; on the bak- Marvin Camp boll as groom,
Laren, G. T Mohr, R. H. Bayer, Wm. Quinn, Alex. McDonald, Samuel Rankin, ! ery building there was an insurance of Well, Mr. Mitor, it is shfully warm Harrison, John Pritchard, Andrew Grant, W. Thomson, John McVeigh, and W. #400; the dwelling house adjoining, here, and 1 guess I will cut my notes Joseph Foster. W. H. Meredith and Geo. Benostt-aU old friends of the deceased owned by C Caldwell, we understand, -holt and go and have a game of Pm-Walsh, and Caleb Brooks, secretary. • —acted as pair bearers.	I was not insured.
Geo.
Fly Poisons
Are now in Order. Flies will soon begin to make our lives miserable, but a great of the misery can be averted by using our Fly-Killers
• II
At a
Bristol Notes
When you were so kind to publish the notes Lulu sent I will write and see if
Insect Powder :
Pure, uncolored and free from adulteration. Put up In Sprinkle top boxes, something new and very handy, 5 and 10 cents each, or hy the pound.
Lightning Fly Pads :
Wo can safely recommend them as the best Fly Pads on the mar ket. Three papers in each package, 5 cts. each ; large size 10 eta.
Sure Catch Pads :
Each Pad in a nice plate, ready for use. No bother with plates. 5 cents each.
When in need of Fly Poisons remember we guarantee our Insect Powder and Pads. Your money .. back if not exactly as represented.

e e
THE DRUG STORE,
Shawville.
Tanglefoot.

/


' « =

" - 1

###PAGE###2###

Lisle Court was in a ferment. French cooks, direct from Paris, had been engaged for the occasion ; the whole country-side was aroused and interested, the people talked of nothing else.
Oh, Philip Î do not tense ^take me home."
but a shadow
wearily. " me. 1 mu tired
#*e*$*e*@*#*#*#*#*#*@( #*#*#»#*#*@*@*#*#*0*#*#
vWYi
«

to lie said no ¦	_
7 foil over the bright, handsome face ;
#	he felt Komeihing like constraint and
•	suspicion creep into his heart.
*	Philip.” mi id Hitn. Msuy nothing
*	to Mrs, Wyvvrne and Daisy ; they
iuid make themselves wn-
mort'
I The Fatal Dower
ANDPKC VCN rs &*vmON9 k UNDO* Q*OINA$yP*C3SU*d
have one	quiet evening," said Daisy, after	dinner, "and
even that we ought to bo properly grateful	for. 1 am	overwhelmed
when I think of all the smiling and talking that lies before us.”
It might have been a happy evening but for the white, wearied face of Rita. Lord Lisle looked at her in amaze. When she spoke lie detected a ring of pain in her voice that astonished	him. lie saw her lips
quiver when she tried to smile, and her hands clasped tightly when the future, or her marriage, was alluded
“Wo shall
#
# tease me 0 happy when 1 am ill
OR

• ! "So YOU nev< r tell them, and 1.1
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.	Ç « he, think > arc growing *uongr
0 be tmid. *T shall have to take care
PUKUEDINO- I said
WAT Fit L /MF
W* TfP l ,Wf

o
OCEAN
OCEAN


Ralph myself
\
m
You will l>e Mrs
SYNOPSIS
CllÀlT'KKS.—Margaret Howard, on Ashton,
the eve ut departure to join her *e- ; wealth.
her swore to he
U*
toÊmm ' down to dinner but little trace of her 111-and (Ivors hid
a ; w*
When Rita vault
your ill-gotten
and keep
You will be my wife, as you I there was
the
_____J eweltil
lie heut over her as though to anxious, t rcml'l|! g 11 1
-	“ I™:; 'Hfzz Skt:.r »
forced Rita to rest upon the little couth Philip placed mar the window
a oss
»
crttly married husband, leaves child with Susan Hiver» nnd is drowned at sea. Susan rears
child, Daisy, us hoi own, and dies. I short a time Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows | from him with a cry of disgust Daisy*» secret. Lord Lisle seeks Ins
child, ami Margaret, taking Daisy s said, fiercely
birthright, announces herself his nol Caro to kiss such lying lips daughter. She falls in love with his it,, left her abruptly, going with nephew, Philip. Daisy, Lord Lisle*» | quick footsteps down the clifT true daughter, foins her foster-sis- ?•] ter, and captivates Philip, who Lord ! witfti
t
WÆ

s
f1
7

to

</.-! I*
7m
• She did not look like the happy bride whose every wish was gratified. Pale and sad, with a deep shadow in her dark eyes, what had come over her ? Lord Lisle was both grieved and anxious.
Rita had gone to the large window that, looked into the pretty pleasure-garden. A largo fountain played in the midst of blooming flowers. Blossoms of every hue and shade were there. The western sunbeams lingered over them. She watched the l>ees and butterfles roaming from leaf to leaf ; she watched the tail trees bending their stately heads in the evening breeze smiling heavens, the rippling waters, and the setting sun with despair more hitter than death in her heart
"Next week," she thought, 'all this would be mine—hut for him f"



open
M


lie
You shall pay for that
Some people u ould


m..
kt!4

r

read to you,” she

'



Philip iua>
but you must bo quiet. Daisy played while the sun set over the rippling sea, and the birds si mg their evening hymns, and Philip talktot to the unhuitp.v girl, whose ring lips could hardly smile, ¦¦¦¦
into her face.

s -
said
HI



V
j.' - " j__h -
if1- -ntUD r.f^m 0RszMtnuu>jj\ 1
LAVA


I have humbled her," he said,
she will never puss Lisle, on his death-bed, makes pro- m0 by again. Poor Rita ! 1 wish it mise to marry Rita. Philip becomes n,x<1 ajj been dilTevvnt !"
Lord Lisle ; asks her to marry him



a sneer

tpitvi
You are better anxiously
! you must he more cnremit strong. For my st take care of your-
goue. and she stood along i Ralph Ashton, to whom she is en~ in her anguish and shame, alone in gaged, writes asking her to be true hcr misery, life all wreck* d, 1er to her promise.	hopes all blighted.
rite limit u as cm val." she Said, ¦'when 1 took v\il for my good."
Philip's ring was shining upon her finger ; his words still sounded in her ears ; his caressing touch was st ill warm upon her face, and she 1 would never hear loving words from him again. He must either loathe her as a traitress and most wicked 1 betrayer of trust, or he must look 1 coldly upon her. believing that she preferred that coarse, savage man to him. Do as she would, Philip was lost to her.
He was
diagram SHOWING HOW VgL ,anic explosion is caused
looking "Ah. Rita ful : vow are
A study of the above picture will show how the molten mans In the mountain's Interior met the water, an l how the steam generated thereby, following the line of least resistance, blew off the top of the volcano.
Mike you » self."
She ,
the intensity of the pain his words caused her, and he could not avoid remarking the strange expression of her features.
“Arc you not happy, Rita ?" he asked, bending over hei
to think that your life will
CHAPTER XXII
the
she watched
cried aloud with
i liaxt
," said Ralph, tri-you arc utterly power.
not wish to be 1 will keep your
"Now, Rita mnphuntly, completely in my make terms. 1 do hard upon you. secret, and you shall keep your home and station if you will marry me. She made no answer, and he
It will
T1I0SK ACCURSED GUNS
heights down into Rpc valley to sure defeat.
"The 'Plain of Balaclava' is divided into two distinct valleys by a low ridge known as the ‘Causeway Heights/ which bisects it. in the direction of its length, and is everywhere easily practicable for all arms.
and
Let us
Cardigan was still in front; he turned in his saddle, for a moment, and shouted his final command, 'Steady! Steady! Close in!' Immediately afterwards there crashed into us a regular volley from the Russian cannon. 1 saw Capt. White go down and Cardigan disappear in the smoko, A moment more and I was within it myself. A shell burst right over my head with a crosn tnat ml out stunned me. Immediately after 1 felt my horse take a tremendous leap into the air, and I found myself groping along on foot. It was the second
She clinched her white fingers at the words "but for him." If he were but dead—no matter how he died, provided that she was free !
She started, uttering a low cry, The valley nearest to the ren and the when Lord Lisle suddenly stood by town of Balaclava has been vnrious-her side nnd spoke to her.	ly termed the 'South' and the ln-
"It is n beautiful evening,” ho nor' valley; the valley beyond the said. "Are you looking at the flow- ridge is the Worth’ or 'Outer* valors, Rita ? 1 must tell Jennings you ley, down, which with their faces set admire them. He always considers eastward, sped to glorious disaster this especial piece of ground his the six hundred of the Light Brigade, chef d’oeuvre."	On the north the plain is bounded
by the Fedoukine heights; on the horse that had been shot under me,
west by the steep face of the Cher- of our horses having been killed soneso upland, wherein was the allied dining the engagement. I hrough the position before Sebastopol dur- d'^e veil 1 heard noises of lighting
the south by the ! And slaughter, but saw no obstacle,
Does it
pom you
all be passed with me ? I>o you not love me, that you look so sad when 1 speak of our future ?”
co lino t be
eagerly
tinned
difficult to tell this Lord Lisle that 1 was your own true love years ago. and that l haw returned from
Tell him you care most for me, mid From the chaos of thought
He will give it surged through her brain, that idea
was the only one that came clearly
rite
?" she said, raising her Yes. Philip ; I
Love you
ex
dark eyes to his |	1 ¦
low you so dearly, so well, that 1
die now, with your
and
that
want your freedom
wish 1 could face looking kindly upon me,
voice sounding in my car."
* can be married then
The late Lord to hei^ you plenty. Wc can live words seemed to 1 upon it. If you refuse to do this— letters of flame ; the sunny sk\ nay, do not turn from me—1 will go } seemed falling into the smiling sea. first to vour lover, then to the true I A real mist came before her eyes and
and pleasure-grounds looked so fair.
The birds sung gayl.v in the heart of the deep woods ; the summer air thrilled with their melody
shone from
Wt
to you You arc rich enough Lisle left
Philip was lost to hex
ill round h<r in
you i
« t i
She made no reply. The sense of his words hod not reached her. Through the tortured heart and brain one idea ran. She must give her answer to-morrow. What should that answer be ?
Brightly shone the sun hi the mid-
thc travellers
when
Miss Lisle, your shame will make
your story. I will make your naun
à by-word and mockery to all those i then started out once more to fetch who have Uattcml and praised you.
'The would-be Miss Lisle' shall figure in police reports and in the .prison cell."
He stofvpcd, exhausted by bis own , you did over the first one
~==Sr::S2:%-siA=F
"You may think yourself well off." and hastened on to the - lilt. Hid ihc wvdding should tako tda* there.
"« —- -» "« —........—} nr tSTiXf-m xsjz-¦« «.
1 would do much to saw a man rush hastily from Rita's marriage hud been earned on with win gold and fortune, but 1 could , side—a dark. handsome man. who j magmlieei.t «Usregard of t\xpeitoC. not ha. vo betrayed the living and the . walked hastily past him, with an Litas hem t beat high	K nl®
dead as you have done. Let me loll j angry look upon his face.	| v-uut.v. Ah .f she CO..U but have
von, in all your insolent pride and He reached the top of the cliff, lie thrown the black .ha 1 >w tha iteauty, passionately as 1 love you, 1 had left Rita not more than an hour haunted her into the backgiounci there are times when 1 recoil in dis- since, bright, beautiful, full of hope H she could but for one moment and loathing at the thought of | and love, the diamond in her ring no have forgotten Ralph Ashton, am what you are."	brighter than the light	in her eyes,	felt sal,
Ralph," she said, gently. :'do	not	lie found her white and	senseless	as Never had	the splendor of tin.
deal so hardly with me You have one stricken with death, lying crush- grand old home of the Lisles been brought me low ; have you 110 mercy od and helpless among the purple so dear to her. 1 he sumptuous fui-for mo—no pity ? 1 cannot many heather. In one moment he had nit me. the costly pictmes, the ^on-vou • l love Lord Lisle."	raised her and pillowed	her head	on	derful array 01 gold and	silver plate,
* "You can make your choice	of	the	his breast.	the numerous	servants,	the comfort
two evils." he said, carelessly. "I Rita, my darling !" he cried, and luxury that pervaded the whole
swear not to alter one word of what "what is the matter ?"	j establishment all
The dark eyes opened slowly. Ah, Ralph Ashton, might he hers . she me ! the world of unutterable woe in Rut for him, she, next week, might
be enthroned mistress and quern-tlumk she would be Lady Lisle—every hope
her heart gratified-
main
ing the siege.	¦	¦	¦¦	¦	¦
broken ground between the plain ft d 1,0 adversary, no gun or gunner, and,
in short, was through and beyond
on
(To Re Continued.)
the sea; or. the east by the Ri\x;
— Tchernaya and the Kamnra hills. |thc Russian battery before 1 knew Our weakness in the plain invited at- . f°r certain that I had reached it. glZT tack and we were subjected to a con-! Ihiity-six men of the Light Ilri-y 0(Je tinunl cross-fire ns wo made thelffodc were taken prisoners of war ou
memorable charge.	1 *he day of Balaclava. Of these only
The enemy must have numbered fifteen came out of captivity, the oth* 40,000 men, including infantry, rav-|prs dying from their wounds airy and artillery. But Cardigan I "I don’t think there is another sur and his men never flinched. Wo wore I ' L or of the Balaclav a charge beside; simply obeying orders, though some- myself in the United States or Can-one must have blundered, as the poet Ada. There are probably about tee Right into the frowning can- still living in England. As the years
rode, I roll on the number of survivors diminishes in an increasing ratio.
"Yes, it was n foolhardy undertaking, but it seems there was discord among some of the British officers, and a mistake was made somewhere. The British troops were in front ol Sebastopol at thc time, and the avowed object of the charge was to keep the Russians from getting at our stores at Balaclava. Yes, we got close enough, many of us, for hand-to-hand encounters with the Russian soldiers, and the mix-up resembled in some particulars the riotous doings at an Irish fair. 1 escaped without serious injury, but I'll never forget the charge at Bala» clavn."
Rita. Mrs. Wyverue met him as ht was crossing the hull.
"You will have to use a litth more expedition over this walk than (lowers
she ! gi ven foliage
brilliant the midst of
OR. A. W. CHASE'S CATARRH CURE#
There were not many or more brilliant spots in
• ••
is sent direct to th# dftessed 535V P*rts br *be Improved Blower. J)	‘be ulcers, clear# the air
Lj/ Passage#, »‘*P* dropping in the
)	throat and permanently cures
,	Catarrh and Hay Fever. Bio
free. All dealers, or Dr. A. \V. Chase Medicine Co* Toronto and Buflal*
he i
wer
to you
than marrying me comes am no saint
says
non of the powerful enemy we charging like so many demons
ONE OF THE SIÏ HUNDRED

A HIDE OF IIOimOHS
THE FAMOUS CHARGE OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE.
i
"After the charge of the Heavy Brigade the Light Brigade was moved a little way ‘left buck/ and thên forward, down into the middle of the upper part of the 'Outer valley/ and fronting straight down it. the Heavies remaining a little in advance to the right about the crest of the Causeway Ridge. We stood halted in those positions for about thrill-quarters of an hour, Lord Cardigan in front of his brigade, Lord Lucan on our right front, about midway between the two brigades.
"When Cardigan gave the word of command ho turned his head toward his trumpeter, Britten, of the Lancers, and quietly said:	‘Sound thc
advance/ and wheeled his horse, facing the dark mass at the further end of the valley, which we knew to be the enemy. Wo had ridden barely 200 yards, and were still at a trot, when the fate of Capt. Nolan, of thc Fifteenth Hussars, came to us. A fragment of a shell had struck him, and from his raised sword arm dropped thc sword, hut thc arm remained erect. 1 can never forget the weird shriek and the awful face ns rider and horse disappeared. It was the first horror of that ride of horrors. Within a very few moments hell had opened upon us from front and either flank, and it kept open upon us during tho - minutes—they seemed hours»—which passed while wc traversed the mile and a quarter, at the end of which was the enemy. The broken and fast thinning ranks raised rugged peals of wild, fierce cheering, that only swelled the louder as shot and shell from the battery tore gaps through us, and the enfilading musketry fire from the infantry in both flanks brought down horses and men. I saw the head of one man carried clean off bin body, yet for about thirty yards further the headless body kept the saddle, the lance at the charge firmly gripped under thc right arm. Amid tho crash of shells and the whistle of bullets, the cheers anil the dying cries of comrades, one can scarcely be expected to be looking for incidents, but there were some sights of thc battle that could not well be effaced from memory. We were nearly out. of it at last and close on to
may
»
Richard Yates, of Detroit, Tells of His Experience at Balaclava.
"Cannon to right of them,
'’nnnon to left of them.
Cannon in front of them. Volleyed and thundered; Stormed at with shot and shell, Boldly they rode and well.
Into the jaws of Death.
Into the mouth of hell Rode the six hundred.

i
this, but for
1 have said !"
"Have pity on me. Ralph mon tied
in his dark, handsome stood over her as she knelt in purple heather at his feet, and saw all pleading was lost upon him
time, at least
»
Rut there was no relenting , their shadowed depths
said Lord Lisle

SERVED UNCLE SAM, TOO.
Mr. Yates was born in the County Cavan, Ireland, and enlisted in County Longford, serving all through thc Crimean war. He was in the British army twelve years, coming over to New York in 1863. He immediately joined tho United States navy, serving on the northern side until the close of the civil war. Fart of the time he was attached to a blockading squadron on tho James river. While in Ireland Mr. Yates was connected with the constabulary, and saw some exciting times in that capacity during the time that Smith O'Brien. Dillon and others were agitating freedom for the Emerald Isle. At the close of the Civil war he removed to Canada, locating at Woodstock, where he lived for some time. In 1860 ho was a sergeant with o detachment of troops that helped to repel tho Fenians. A Queen Victoria medal that scribed Balaclava."
lie
face
Rita
! You; niul desire of but for him !
As
reply, but turned upon the luxuries around her, a deep
bent deadly hatred rose in her heart against him who would fain deprive hv her of all. she would
thc Heaven, you arc* better she frightened me. What is the matter what made you ill ?" she She made no
; from the kindly, honest face
"Cannon to right of them.
Cannon to left of them,
Cannon behind them,
Volleyed and thundered; Stormed at with shot and shell, While horse and hero fell,
They that had fought, so well Came through the jaws of Death, Back from the mouth of hell,
All that was left of them.
Left of six hundred."
with wistful eyes
Give me
said
• Yes," he replied ; "you may have over he* time. You want to contrive more "Have plans and schemes, but you cannot, ashed, eagerly You arc in my power. I will give some time, hut I will not lose sight . a wax
She said to herself that rather die ;i thousand rushing deaths than lie his wife, lie should in never triumph over her. She had found hut little time for thinking her answer would he. She
you been alarmed ?
• 1 thought I saw great, rough man ;
Have von been annoyed
y 11 u of you
any way
she said, in a low. quiet what]	¦
have been too long in the must decide that night
sun—it has made me faint."	Lord Lisle had intenaou to remain | Kk-hard Yates, at present a resi-
or two at the Court, | of Detroit, is one of those who 0,1	to	London.	| valllc	"back from the mouth of hell,"
where a multiplicity	of	business	i aftor	the	"Charge of the Light Bri-
and distres- awaited him. Mrs. Wyvernc pressed do/» immortalized in Tennyson's ¦to	hi»'	to remain for that one mght.	poem	of	that name. Mr. Yates is
¦¦¦¦¦I	and	he consented to do	so.	om.	Qf	the few survivors'Of the
I am sure something Ims luippen- * *,c wedding so long talked of was charge of Balaclava. Though past persisted Lord Lisle ; "a tn takc place in the following week. j yg years of age,* ho is still vigorous me i little warm, pleasant sunshine could AI1 preparations and arrangements !	hearty, and retains vivid mem-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Has had been made for reception of | orics of tho Incident» of the war in
the Crimea. A Detroit Free Press representative found Mr. Yates engaged in the peaceful pursuit of spad-onion bed tit the rear of his
she cried. 1
No
here soon
and t he anguish of her voice almost j voice
touched him.
"Leave when you will
We leave
told me that! ,or an houl
ihd then hasten
But Mrs. Wyvemo
lie said ;
•*T shall follow. You may take an- you were quite strong again other week to think of your answer. Lord Lisle, anxiously.
but you will not play i She looked so weary
said
if you lfke
false again, for 1 shall not lose sed that he was at a loss what sight of you. Tell me where and ! think or say. when to meet you : 1 will he there "
"We arc going to Lisle Court on ! ed Rita Thursday,” slic said. "Meet
early on Saturday morning at seven I never affect you in this way o’c'oqk in the park. You shall have that man annoyed you, and you do the young Indies who were to offi-voiir answer then."	I not like to say so ? I feel certain ciat© bridesmaids and the bril-
"I know beforehand what it will that 1 saw him speaking to you." ‘ ,innt company of guests invited for be, my proud, dainty beauty," be "You arc mistaken." she said. thc occasion.
me
adorns his coat is in-"Sebastopol — Inkerman -*
ing an
residence, 488 Lafayette avenue
, MARRIAGE IN LAPLAND.
It used to be death in Lapland to marry a maid without thef consent ol her parents or guardians. That I icing obtained, it was customary for tho young couple to run a race in which the girl was allowed a start of one-third of the whole distance. By this means she could easily outstrip the would-be bridegroom, and if she did so he knew he woe rejected. If the damsel approved of her suitor, she would run fast at first to test thc truth of bis love, and then voluntarily halt before the race was over. •
INTO THE JAWS OF DEATH."

#3
PCOTLOW
NIQUE
"Yes," said he, "1 was in thc charge at Balaclava, which occurred on October 25, 1854. It is engraved my memory So that I cun recall the battlefield scene and .the retreat of the remnant of thc ‘six hundred,' though it happened only yester-lt was Lord Cardigan's bri-
GUADBLejPE
VOLCANO HEAR04DUST-3T0RMS ANDEARTHQUA
Oil
BASSE
r
V
MttfEtmwm |
.mJtr. AN&>ew

ns
ckx.v^gpi
gadc, and when Lord Kuglnn commander-in-chief, sent the order to advance Cardigan never hesitated an instant. I don’t think there were quite six hundred men in the brigade. We rode from the Balaclava
SAND
the
STJOW
%

MIN1CA EARTHQUAKES»
LIVES LOST.
3»! Ti
$

4,
&
40000 L IVES LOST-MAY6? BY ERUPTION OF
r INIQUE MONT PELEE
" (rm*CH) ST PITWE DtôfiCYT
mmrti
«
rmirt

Obstinate Base of Itching Eczema

i
ocean:

CAmBEA.

5»
ll

6SEA
V
f
4
a
Leg and Foot a Mass of Sores that Doctors Could Not Heal—A Thorough
and Lasting Cure by Dr. Chase’s Ointment
*r
LOCAL VOLCANO» QUIET.
CREAT DUST STORMS-INTENSE MEAT-NO UVES LOST
L
fffTlS
eu
fruCAP*) I
SPf/CrHTSTC,
ho it rd
This letter from Tileonburg, Ont., is an unsolicited testimonial to the extraordinary *
Dr. Chase’s Ointment. This is one more example of how this great ointment cures whom all have failed. There is something almost magical about the way the preparation heals and cure». People who have not used it can scarcely understand how it fcnn bo so effective.
Mr. W. D. Johnson, Tilsonburg, Ont., write# :— My father has been entirely cured of a long-standing and obetinate case of eczema by the use of Dr. Chase's Ointment. His leg and foot were a mass of sores, and he suffered something terrible from the stinging and itching. Though he used a great many remedies and was treated by one of tho best doctors here, he could get no permanent relief until he began thc use of Dr.
Chase's Ointment. Jjfo	'? § t	^	£ S a T B gfi
"This preparation was eo cooling and soothing that the very first application brought relief, and it was not long until the leg and foot were perfectly healed and cured. It is a pleasure for him to recommend thin ointment because of the great benefit he derived from it, and he will gladly answer any questions from othil sufferers."	1
Dr. Chase's Ointment is useful in a score of ways For every irritation or eruption of the iftin it affords prompt relief. It heals and soothes wounds, scalds and burns, and has never been equalled as a cure for
salt rheum, tetter and scald head. Sixty cents a box st all dealers or EMmanson, Dates & Co*
Ü
healing powers of ¦. other means
LIVES REPOSTED LO(T~ LIVESTOCK LOST^fWS#NE5$ I
SUSPENDED	J
tAQUA
KING STOW ft,
4
ADOS-----------
DUST STORMS MtOM ERUPTION CK ST VINCENT* EXCESSIVE. HEAT
crow.

\
(Bams*)
%
3
rsofi.si ov
S
ST
%
FROM ERUPTION ON ST. VINCENT_____

HRENÀDA
JTMDM*fa,r/Sy

n
0
6
6 1
*
VOLCANIC CENTRES IN THE WINDWARD I&AND&
MAP OF
Toronto.






(


	

###PAGE###3###



NOTES AND COMMENTS.
PROM ERIS’8 OREES ISLE
SLAUGHTER BY REBELS.
NO BREAKFAST.
The Newest Ides for Dyspeptics
Cuts Out the Morning Meal. Notee
PERSONAL POINTERS
BLOOMSBURY'S BOARDERS.
Fugitives From Kwangei Tell of the Killing of Thousands.
MXisolino, the Italian murderer, who slew hie victime out of revenge, heartlessly and remorselessly, Is the hero of the women, not only In the province where his crimes spread terror for months, but throughout Italy. In all the principal cities of that country petitions are circulating, signed by women, aeOdng the <)i job to intervene for hi» release ; and some of tho manifestoes say that, after Garibaldi, this peasant murderer Is ths noblest son of Italy. In New York State three boys, none of them old enough to bear the duties of citizenship, have been convicted of a crime so heartless in its
of Interest About Prominent People.
•Seamy Side of Lodging Hou
Life in Lonw&saa.
WHAT 13 GOING ON IN THE LAND OF THE SHAMROCK.
Advocate» of the "no-broakfust cure" are multiplying dally. The theory that the best day's work is to be obtained from the eut» the least breakfast is becoming so popular that is scorns very probable that the breakfast will soon become obsolete.
William Ore or Harrison
___	News was brought by the steamer
--	~ -'«"l g'r^uT. "m	MT5
further success by the Kwangsi rebels. Fugitives who arrived at Can-The biggest round tower in Ireland I ton reported that when Ching Whang is at Kilmaoduagh, 108 feet high. | Fui was captured more than one There are 46 of them in all
County Sligo, where there are 471 and that the rebels burned and loot-branches of the United Irish League, od the stores and houses. Terrible is in a very disturbed condition. | slaughter is also reported from
jt -sr ¦r %i	cu,
Scotland 1» only < 707 police ; fJiLJî».*ïïd "!„g,°d" them" t Ireland has 1J,900, although her	j0in the rebels. The messengers
population is smaller than that of	^ated that the rising was caused in
that „ „¦» U„	I ZTda.1. F.Uglbboa	u- =%
whether they can have	any human	lntod the Grand Jury of County	because of the unbearable burden
sympathy. These boys,	now con-	Donegal last week on the freedom of	caused by the indemnity. The fugi-
ûned In the prison in which they will the county from crime.	tivoa say several thousands of the
U executed, are the heroin of score». j David Hanrahan, aged 104, has Imperial troops deserted
xnnvh« himiinvta r f w	dled ,n the workhouse at Kathkeale,	It was thought that the stories of
drods, of women.	Jhoee	County Limerick. He has been a | bloodshed were exaggerated by panic
them teetotaller for over sixty year.1.
Advocates of the four hours' sleep theory wifi be interested to hear that Professor Virchow, the famous
scientist,
workers, never sleeps more than five hours, and usually less Florence
of San eighty two year» old
Francisco, is olio of the best exam- baptismal name from the city in pics of a strong, healthy and activai which «he was barn. For fully a man who dues not bi k; his fast quarter of a century she has lived a	according	to	their	local-
until noon. I ivjver eat any break- life of seclusion
fast" ho said, "it is not at all neccs- The highest fee ever offered to an Ktiry, and l find that 1 enjoy much oculist was one of ten thousand better health tjpm those who cat j guineas which Mr. Crictholt refus d urge breakfast». This idea that one some years ago. The tempting offer must eat immediately in the morning came from u wealthy Indian Kajah 1» rid.culoufl. J urn never hungry un-|who was threatened with blindness, til noontime, when 1 take food for
the first time in the day. People say tiiat there is danger from germs.
Well, I have had no ill-effects. Dull find that I am much better for not crowding a largo breakfast upon the stomach when it is not ready for work.
The London boarding house is the residential hotel of the poorer middle cluse. To live in a good hotel with any comfort * man and wife with one child must have an income of from £800 to £1,000
Tnat Will Interest Irish-
Canadians.
man who
ami one of the hardest
Hut
a year.
tiio metropolitan hoarding house ters for the great eSams living from 30h. to £<1 a week The character of these house» dif-
Nightingalo is nearly I. She takes her
thousand people were slaughtered,
on
ity. The cheapest of them are in the shabby-genteel suburbs, and there are houses at Finsbury Park and at Streat ho m where you can be "taken in and done for"
1N». or a guinea a week
for as little u» But they
aro uninteresting, and their accommodation is of a distressingly meager character. South Kensington, Hie great home of the cheaper-priced hoarding house», pride» itself on it» gentility. I fere flourishes the "paying guest." South Kensington is declared by many in the great uriny of boarders to be the region of tras” and poor fare. The landladies there make a brave show with very little. They ere artistic (save the mark, after the manner of ten yoara ago. The ribbon-trimmed banjos, horribly painted plates, amateurishly enameled dairymaid stool», and the like abound in their rooms the man with a healthy appetite and hearty way» will scarcely find South
Kensington satisfying, says the London Mali.
M. Coquel in is one of the richest actors in Franco. He is said to have a fortune of 4,000,000 francs. Besides his storks and bonds, M. Co-quelin has some 1,000,000 francs invested in famous pictures in his magnificent home in Paris.
ex-
Thomns Kdison keeps in his shop
*d and	brutal	In	every detail,	has	The Third Battalion	Suffolk mil-	NEARLY A THOUSAND BOJ IKÎ tary, with the exception of the	House of Commons has been slightly
been	married	since	his conviction	to I	it,n« most	of the men of which vol-	had been taken from the river by the j heart, have been at rest. Respira-	thrilled by the daily	presence	of a
unteered	a few days	ago for the	boatmen, and still others were tion and the action of the heart ore	member who occupies	a corner	and
front, has	been suddenly	ordered to	floating down the river. The bodies, less active during sleep than when we	knits as he smokes.	The lion,	gen-
supposod to bo of sound mind. Rw-1 Ireland.	were those of soldiers, rebels, and j aro awake. So, as there has been no Woman, who votes with the (lovern-
oently a man convicted of a brutal | #r. Francis H McAndrew: of Cas- I "try folks.	wasto, we need no fuel until later in ment, carries about with him a small
the tlebar, County Mayo, has in a few , The rebellion is strongly anti- the day.	red bag containing a ball of wool
won 296 prizes for various foreign, and much hatred is being! In the morning I drink a cup of and the necessary equipment of need-puzzle and literary competitions. shown against foreigners because of hot water. One takes a bath and les, and he employs his leisure time
reports emanating from Canton that, washes the body every morning. A j jn deftly knitting stockings. a the cholera there has been caused by: cup of hot water performs the same1 foreigners having poisoned the salt, function internally. All the Latin Big placards have been posted on races cat a small breakfast. Usually
women write to thrtn, send
ed murderer of an old and helpless man, whose crime was sordid
But
FOU SHEER HUMAN INTEREST, Bloomsbury comes first. From the
Huston road on the north to New Oxford street on tho south, and from Tottenham Court road to Gray's fnn road, the boarding houses are multitudinous
nineteen houses out of twenty are boarding establishments, and they have almost wholly replaced the old type of landlady who took in lodg-drops—in his erw. Hero and there a specimen of pocket. Until his severe illness in the old Bloomsbury dame is still to the .spring of 1899 the Pope had be found, but she must be searched , ,	.	» i,	,	hardly ailed anything after his ac- for. The clean Scandinavian and the
ml„h, h-	mnrfl	nrnfitahlv	„ Th.e	. î T TT	at	Murlous A email cup of coffee after	cresion tQ	tho Vapal chair, an(l he „	methodical Hune have	driven the
might be	more	profitably	Canton through which a steady	sup-	dinner is al the coffee I drink	aaid to have declared that "Since 1	Dickensian landlady off	the field, and
ply of arms	la being imported	into My breakfast at noon constata o	been	Pope I have had no time	the bright German waiter ha, replac
Interest in the accused, side with Detective Inspector	J. Verdier Ste-	the western	part of Kwangsi,	the	prunes, poached eggs, bacon broiled	t() conHUjt	(ioctors and so 1 bave ai-	«d Hie "slavey.M
him against the law and Its officer», venson, of the R I O., Belfast, has rifles and ammunition being taken crisp, and cereal coffee. During the , becn u », e	Guilford street is the favorite cen- - ¦—-	eehH/— 3= ^% bs£-e?~
Lombroso, tho Italian whose popu- The Irish Landowners' Convention ”»rded from San Francisco, was formed during the process of diges- «lies of Wueen	i/aboth . Amongst a 8ti„ hcttcr ,.lass uround nioouis-
HE*EHB
•ays that all tho women are living ant8 o(Ter equitable prices.	that Roman Catholic missionaries of ward», and usually retire about 11 Armada and an antique hall-chuir rj.hcro urft hf)UK(lfl whcro yo11 rnn
=3r=H=h sSkhSsîbïshs mmm i =-=s-.........................................................................................
Cromwellian War in Ireland. «lr at0 an<j tho h( uscs of the foreigners is impossible to be healthy. I am news of the death of her sister Mary.
william did not spare o No .	were surrounded	,y crowd* who	pHl-	as young as at 20, and am never ill.	Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., tells a	8p|j^ Up . there	is a heavy air of
It is said that tho Government	C(j them with	stones. The houses!	To be sure, my hair and beard are	curious story regarding tho heroine	cooking vciwoding everything and the
will make no strenuous efforts to	wer0 barricaded	by the owners	and	white, but I am not old. I can run	in his novel, "Donna Quixote." Jhe	whole aspect of	affairs is somewhat
press the new Irish Land Purchase	the rioters kept	at* a distance	with	a race with many u younger man.	character, n rich young widow full of	hot, greasy and	stuffy,
plain	the	feminine	interest	in	their	Bill if tho	Irish members decline to	rifles. The British	cruiser ArethiaO.	By following rules, with a view to impracticable philanthropic schemes,	Thirty shillings for men is gener-
easo.	Anyway,	it is	very	interesting	afford assistance or show any scr-	an(j the German gunboats Luchs and	preserving tho health, one undoubt- was entirely his own creation; but	ajjy speaking, the recognized inini-
to watch	the	women who	grow hys-	lous hostility.	Geler were sent to the scene	and	edly prolongs life,	and it is not	only	a short time after tho book was pub-	lnum rate, and 25s. for ladies. From
torical	over	the	imnular	ninrdnror	Lord Downshire	is	one of	the	few	on their arrival, the rioters	dis-	the fact of	living	long that is	the	lished ho received a letter coüipli-	these figures you can go up to what
crc *	peers who have	ever shown	any	persed. Those who spread the ru-	best part	of it, but that one is	men ting him on the clever portrait of	you please. There are several eetab-
kd to	any great	taste for engineering	at nil.	He	has	inor were arrested by the Tao	Tni.	strong and	well."	Mrs. -, who, tho writer was glad	Hshments that give practically all
case of the n little railway laid down on his when tho British Consul asked for	to know, Was a common friend. A g	gg| ^ 111 H
d*_ Irish estate, which cost him an on- explanations, and immediately exe-	*	year or so later the writer made the half their rates.” In many cases suc-
ormous sum of money.	cutod. The warships then left and	DR. JAMESON.	acquaintance of Mrs. -, and found ecssful boarding house managers ex-
Mr. Weir,	of "Scotch House" fame	the Chinese began	rioting again	.   that she was really a living picture	tend their premises till they become
died	recently, went to Dublin	immediately after	their depart 're.	An Intimate Friend of the Late of his heroine.	considerable hotel proprietors. There
from Scot- The situation was considered serious.	Cecil iinodes.	A very pretty romance is attached are several prominent instances of
Among tho many fine things said to one of Mr. O F. Watts's pictures,	this in Bloomsbury and South Ken-
1 He exhibited at the Royal Academy	smgton, and one of the largest and
most fashionable hotels in London to-day was started by an cx-butler in this manner, lie is now a country magistrate and a great land
a woman of mature age, heretofore
murder once, and saved from electric chair only after a second | yours trial, was greeted on his release on bail by crowds of thousands, in
In several streets
time there Is
.	. probability of three services of the
which women far outnumbered men, mau boat from Kingstown to Holy-
made tq> almost entirely of strangers head daily, instead of two, as
to tho accused man. They escorted present.
Within a short
llis Holiness the Pope bar, a passion for sweets, and is never without
the walls of that port stating that I they take only a cup of coffee and *| variety oh hocolate foreigners have poisoned tho river bit of bread. They do not use milk A writer going into the question an(j wells as revenge for tho Iioxcr | or sugar in the coffee. Cream and of forestry in Ireland says that much | rebellion.	I milk are what makes coffee so in-
of the so-called grazing land in the country
at
him to his home, cheering as they might tho deliverer of their country.
It is tho history of criminal cases that some women show an hysterical I timbered
or
for 30s.,
but they arc crowded and not comfortable. The rooms arc small and
committed murder in the States arc not figures from any previous age of
the world’s history, and the Italian
expert's explanation does not ox-
and it has never
harm, except in the Pennsylvania jailer’s wife who
the comforts of good hotels at about
sorted her home and children to run away with the interesting criminals to whom she provided the moans of
who
about sixty years ago
escape. Maybe she was living fur-1 land, and from small beginnings ther back in the middle ages than amassed a large fortune. He be-
most of the women, for she let her I 9ueatl,cd $600-' 00 to charitic8 interest in her husband’s prisoners take practical and serviceable form.
of Use late Lecâi Khodeê I» the statement Unit he was always loyal and in I8.1O a portrait of Miss Virginia
steadfast in his friendships. A murs.-, R&ttle, tiie daughter of an East India Company director and a great
"TREK-BOKKEM."
This is the name given by the.	, .	. . .
Dutch settlers of South Africa to tho I	\tL%ent to Dr. | beauty. The painting attracted con-
siderable attention at the time, among its most ardent admirers being tho late Karl Somers (then Viscount Eastnor). "I must know that woman!" his lordship is declared to have remarked, and as fortune would have it the two met the following day. Ills wooing of Miss Hattie was as t*10 ,cal thing
short but successful, for a few months Would it he lair to refer to the later he married her. One of her I doctor s fees as ill-gotten gains?
No, Maude, dear; every man who
TWO WAYS OF ADVERTISING

rr„7™™22 SSSiliBi ÊÊËm
please them to know that they arc “How did you word your adver- less thousands of antelopes, impelled h,m one of the executors of his will.
“s ,i- - “îf,ïr « sr-sr srxr- ^	2*35
‘SÆir, 'jrzrz pri”.„¦j.
"Lost from the vestibule of the M" the interior of the colony.	instrument chosen to curry^it out .
¦a pretty tough time. They Buy Church, last Sabbath evening, a A trek-bokken might be witnessed j I ut e\on if this bo so, the fact that themselves that their hands always black silk umbrella. Tho gentleman for a whole day, and the veld 7°uld J^eson was^ot darted when the
an umbrella from the vestibule of the |*"'"ct,v. , ™ture. ^« rear-guard raE GERMAN SOLDIER. than ten minutes the Iketcher rlZ
e es *$* *
"r" •- **“«• "vr.
KuTi s	sr c GI!RMAS crae” 1,ES"LT- & ^	V- „ENS ™ ™=s
"What! Glasses at twenty-three? ha(1 toen thrown in from the side-Oh. Mr. Griffin!"	walk, while the front yard was litor-
"Yes, your eyesight must be bad." a**y pnveii with umbrellas. -'Many of "I’m sure I don’t know why you them had notes attached to them should think 50," she pouted.	saying that they had been taken by
"Well," said Griffin, slowly, and mistako' and begging the loser to looking for a safe exit meanwhile, k©ep (he little affair quiet.
I’m afraid about twenty summers have gone by without your noticing them."
owner
+
It is to be doubted whether the men who become
A FEW POINTS
Even a murderer may take life seriously.
The fisherman now begins to pose
tercst in their admirers. It

nil
three daughters is Lady Henry Somerset, who is well known as a public stoops is not necessarily stupid speaker.	K ton t necessary to know anything
ÈmàÊmmmmmÉj' t\)>out geology to be a good oars-
men, but that they take any sonal interest in Mary or Jane Is not to be believed. Murderers have
I
per-
Mr. Houghton, tho eminent artist, tells an amusing story of one of his models
man.
The doctor who sticks to theories is not the one who builds up a practice.
He was sketching in Swit-
The fellow who takes "just a drop for his cough” may imbibe too many cough drops.
There is no reason why electric fans should not be put in operation before currants are ripe.
Many a man has been driven to his club because his wife insists upon filling the house with cosy corners.
>



»

THEN HE KNEW.
A subscriber to a certain weekly newspaper was about to take a month’s holiday. He hit on the idea of writing to the editor of his favorite paper and asking, "Can you tell me what kind of weather 1 may expect next month?
Tho following reply came prompt-
iy:
"It is my belief that the weather next month will be very much like your subscriptions."
The inquirer wondered what tho editor meant till ho happened to think of the word%"unsettled."
undergo
f »
n
she went on. three summers."
# •
The German census gives some In pose and staying power are weak, teres ting facts. There aro 412 cities He is a fighting machine, utterly with a population between 10.000	without initiative, and would
and 100,000 each. In 1816 the Ger-	helpless , if required to act on his	China	lead	busy	lives
man Empire had 24,633,000 inhabi-	own judgment in a position of diflt-	gaged	in	hatching out	a	brood of
(ants; in 1855 86,114,000; and in	culty. He has to be fed and pam-j	their own	kind	they	are	put	to UÊÊ I I I I II
1890, 66.345,000. In tho year 1816 pered In a comparatively luxurious additional and novel task of hatching Recent British Army orders direct Prussia had 13,709,000 Inhabitants; way in order to be kept in fit con-	: 118,1 e£^9- Chinese cheap labor col-	that no person under the age of
in 1855.	21,320,000; and in 1900. dition, and it is more than doubtful	Meets the spawn of fish from the	j fourteen is to be served with any
34,403,000. The enormous increase that he would be able to stand the water’s edge and puts it n an empty kind of intoxicating liquor at garri-
F™=™r= y=;%:‘ ~d j£i=£-"	--Is™*--- =-
When T was once in danger from a goats shall be milked In her presence. | country markets of yesterday firm, to drown that cat? Long— Well,!	- f ----- I Sergeant Day was as regimental
tiger," said an old East Indian vetr This is done, but the milkman has French country markets quiet.	they say a cat has nine lives, but	, as a button-stick* " 'Shun!" he
«ran, "I tried sitting down and star- m one hand the end of a thin	tube	Paris Mav 13.-Close-Wheat, tone	this one has twenty. I think. Why.	New >or* *	population ia	said	to his	squad. "Quick march!
ing at hlm, as I had no weapons." which runs up his sleeve and	con-	weak; May 22f 10c, Septemlxr and	I actually put that cat into a tub of	«t * rûte of	a "W» al)nut	the	Left	wheel I	Haiti Take Muiphy’s
"How did it work?’’ asked a by- nee ta with an India rubber receptacle December 20f 25c.	I water and tied a brick round its | same pace as that of London.	name for talking in the ranks."
gtander.	"Perfectly—tho	tiger didn’t	full of water, which	is carried under	London. May 13.—Close-Mark nock; and what do you think?" Short	"If I were to offer to marry you"	-But he wasn’t talking," protested
erven offer	to touch me."	"Strange,	his ample blouse. At each pressure	Lane miller market—Wheat, foreign —"Goodness knows.” Long—"Well,	said a particularly disagreeable	a corporal, who was standing near.
How do you account for	it?" "Well	of the fingers on tho	udder there is a !	steady. English firm, maize, AmerF this morning when I went to look at|young man to a pretty young lady,	“Wasn’t he?" roared Sergeant Day.
•ometlmes I’ve thought it was be- corresponding compression on	the	can nothing doing, Danubian steady;	the tub the cat had swallowed all	"in what case	should I find you?”	“No	matter, then. Cross it Out. and
us* I *at on a top branch of a water-sack, and milk and water	flow	flour, American steady, English stea-	the water and was sitting on the	"In the objective," she sweetly	an-	put	him in	*be guard-room far d#
'side by side into the mllk-pail. I^y,	' brick."	,	I swered.	ceivins zvt*	1
According to the science column of | a German weekly paper, the hens of
When not en-
SOLDIERS IN SPECTACLES
9 i
MILK ADULTERATION












	
###PAGE###4###


SMART & SMITH
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
THE EQUITY
UASSET-HARRIS
sHAwviiLE.haï 29, 1902. Sylvester S/|achinery LADIES BLOUSES
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS


XI80 a stoc k of
The Statistical Year Book of Canada, revised and brought up to Dec. 31, 1901, has been issued. It is complied by Mr. (ieorge Johnson, Dominion statistician, and is one of the most complete, concise and reliable records of the country’s progress in existence.
FOR THE WARM WEATHER.
ADAMS WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES. DOWS ELL'S WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
Just Received I
4 Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
See our Stock. Compare price and quality and make-up with other stores, and we are willing to submit to your decision. Impossible to give any idea here of the variety of shades and designs.
Prices from 75ts up to $2.25.
Ware-room next door to D. Mcltae'sshop
The island of Cuba began its existence as
independent republic on May 10th, the formal transfer of the island from the United States to the new government having taken place on that date. The event was marked by a brilliant celebration at Havana.
an
A Call Solicited.
R. J. HAMILTON.

P. S.- Hay Forks
JUBILEE CHIMES
V No. 32335, A. T. R.
The otiico of deputy minister of agriculture, rendered vacant by the death of Mr. W. B. Scarth, has Wen filled by tlie appointment of Mr. Geo. F. O'Hal-
iSiî "TfÆ, •St “ I standard Bred «qd tegistered. I
(Aimer government could not have girod by HAWLEY CHIMES No. 27iWS. P. S. found one competent to till this p< sition The question is did it try ?
and Buggies
Full range of Ready Mixed Paints.
Time, 2.10. Dam. Velveteen ; time 2.31 & by Glencoe Goldust, No. .“>820.
Jubillee Chimes will stand for the ser ..	.	,	. .vice of Mares at Shaw ville during the
Br tish Columbia seems to have been seakon 0f 1«H>2, health permitting.
finally made. It will include forty-five Tkrms:- For the season |10, payable at of the canneries of a certainty, and may | time of service with privilege of return if
All mares at own-
A combine of the salmon canners of
MACFARLANE BROS.
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
take In ten or a dozen more. The joint horse is my property stock crop is developing in ways the | er's risk, forgotten originator could never have dreamed of. The simple Company has
G
I* DUMAS
At inv-^uw a iiuwvif
Shawville
v w
i
SMART & SMITH.
4
lauz
1902
developed the company to control com paries, and no one is sure whit will follow.
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
Deer and Njoose.
QLARENDON
ROLLER
The peace negotiations which have
millS HICH CLASS ^ND ME0IUM
.	..	,	4.	... All well diapoeed persona are expected,
heon proceeding for some time put he-1 An(j ^ their duty, to assist the Game
tween the representatives of the Biitish Warden in protecting the deer and moose
during close season.
Many are humanely doing so now, but
•aid to have resulted in an understanding I more could and should do it out of kind.	.	.	,	.	, ness to those harmless and beautiful ani-
whereby peace is assured, and the end of I majs. All that is necessary is to drop a	,
a long, sanguinary and costly struggle is line saying when and where the deer or Remember that W6 are adding to OUT reputation as mail-
_	• moose were hunted, molested or killed. 1	1
and by whom, and if by more than one
to involve a cave in cn	the part of the I person, give the names of all. - ,
Boer,, who hare been	holding out for a Lhould Ron"n%""^%'Zh ?don’t Catch ÜS Standing Still and trying to do 1>U3I-
reoogmtion of their independence. to be paid for your trouble.	ness solely on a reputation already established, No, sir
All correspondence strictly private and	*
,ÆT;irA;',!zcc:"TjI ,- wrr
te
que, and the great loss of life caused “ No person owning, having or harbor by the utter destruction of the city —of ing any dog accustomed to hunt and pur St. Pierre. Resides the human victims I sue deer shall allow such dog to run at
of the dreadful calamity, hundreds of	d2y % %
ca. le penshed, and as	a consequence the i vein her of one vear and the twentieth	of
island is reported to be	in a pestilential October of the following v
condition from the stench of decaying | ally of a fine of at least $ bodies, which are being burned and coed ing 3*25.00.
buried M quickly « condition» will ^^^blllt^kd^e^'tucb^^^uu^
jiamit or.	_	1 running at large, hunting or coursing in
•-----------------	1 such locality l>etween the above mentioned
According to tho London Times’ war dates.—1 Ed. VII. C. 12. s. 1.
history, the noted message from General ____
Duller to General White advised the	.	—	.
latter to burn his cyphers, destroy hie |	p0|H3!© TCSCHCrS
guns, fire off hie ammunition, and make the best terms possible with the Boer commandant for the surrender of the garrison. Duller wruanninrtMy courserons in taking the responsibility for advising an act that would have s'ar»led the Empire, it can be trusted that had he been in Ladysmith he would have been as physicially courageous sa White proved himself to be. It will be widely wished, though, that such a message had never been flashed.
Government and the Boor leaders, are
FURNITURE.
ufacturers of High Grade Flour
at hand. The settlement is understood
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables
!
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocK of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
)
tin i
JAMES WILSON.
o
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
ear, under pen 5,00 and not ex
. GS-X$,A3E3[^.IKE.
I
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
pRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
Wanted.
AT
IN
Four Tear hers wanted for No. 1. No. ‘2 No. 3 and No. I, Separate Schools, Muni cipality of Bristol, County of Pontiac holding a First Class K. Diploma. Appli cations to bo in the hands of the under signed on or before the 15th June 1902.
HENRY (JALLaGHKR,
Sec -Treas., Gîengyle, Que
WAHtMAlt’S.
FACTORY
(41
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
AT THE
dash Store,
Bull for Service.
Besides a full quota of Conservative and Liberal candidates, there are twenty three of varied “fancy* classification nominated in the Ontario constituencies.
Thirteen of these are set down as socialists, eight seeking votes in the four Toronto constituencies, two in Hamilton, one in London, one in Manitoulin and
one in West Elgin. One a woman, .	_____
h:sar=K Jî^asüffiiasises,	Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
aras	o. b. wainman, sh aw ville.
dence enough in their cause to a*k it* next month aud they are expected to make	_____
supporters to rote for them. They sro | a"hvorah™r^rort may liT ma‘t'e	' thy P. 5.—HlgllOSt pPiC3 fOP HldSS ftlld PfiltS.
sanitary authorities, regarding the same 1	—	*
By order of the Board of Health.
H. LANG.
Ex.-Officer
Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull for service. Service fee $1,00. Special terms for larger numbers. Apply to
JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
STARKS
CORNERS.
of which we have a variety in stock.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
ITotics to Householders. A full % of Stove Furnishings,
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
More Election Funds Come to
High.
and bloeeoms, which are the moat valuable
Montreal, May 20—An affidavit pro- I ___________________ the casj when the ordinary manner of
duced today in the S*. James election------------------------------------curing ia followed : (3) The hay is much
fraud case made by J. H. Lefleur, re- thoroUghly dry before taking to the barn. cleaner and brighter then when cured in present at ive of Mr. Bergeron, status lie Last, season Mr. Glendenning put up I the old way. was offered money to keep his eyes shut	80me 75 ^ tnns of hay in	lhig wsyf and
to what was going on and that gross	rep0rta that it cime out of	the mow*, in
frauds were committed at the poll, in- thô fine,fc condition he eversiw. It was eluding the substitution of bahota anu ag green as when put into the barn, and the stuffing of the ballot boxes. The leaves and blossoms were sll attached
man also says ha received money from u0 the stalks. It appeared	to have dried I	Lord	Pauncefote,	British	Ambassador
the agents of Brunet, the Liberal candi-	oa£ without much heating,	as all of the	to the	(Joked States,	died at Washington
date-	* alsike blossoms were pink, and the red on Saturday morning. He has been iu
clover blossoms were from a pink to a failing health for some time, but the light amber color. If any gre.it heat had medical bulletins have been rather rcas developed in the mow the blossoms hu ing, and tl e news of hie e’e ,th cam i as In a recent article I called attention I would undoubtedly have been of a dark i a shock to official circles hero, to the desirability of cutting at a com- brown olor. No signs of mould were About two o'clock this morning he paratively early sate of maturity. In visible and the hay was very free from suddenly developed a very weakening this connection it may be of interest to dust. No salt, lime or other preservative heart condition and a consultation of hu have some notes from that well known was used.	physicians was called They were unable
farmer and Institute speaker, Mr. Henry Two of the mows in which the hay to rally him and he died peacefully, not Glendenning of Manilla, Ont., in regard was stored are 22x25 ft., with an average having regained conrciousneis from the to hie experience with a new plan of depth of 30 feet of hay. These mows are | sleep he fell into during the night, curing clover hay. Mr, Glendenning floored with double inch boards over says that he prefers to cut clover hay basement stables. Another gg ¦¦ when it is in full bloom, or when one I 24x36 ft., with a depth of about 24 ft.,
blossom contains the greatest amount of and the floor on the ground.	I Sault Ste Maiie, Mich, May 22.— A
honey. Cut in the morning after the The outsides of all the mows are of | marvellous mineral disovery in am dew is off, that which is cut in the fore- inch boards without battens, with cracks j nounced by Louie Gsuelty, who has been noon may be raked up immediately after between the boards averaging about prospecting on the MichipicoUn Binge, the noon hour, and put in cocks. The three eighths of an inch, just such as are Causley claims be has discovered three mower should not be run later than four usually found in the ordinary barn. 1 he | valuable properties, one gold, another o'clock p. m. and all put intocockibefore sides of the mows next the drive floor i graphita and the third cinnabar, a source the dew falls. This hay should be put were open. The hay which consisted of c,f mercury, about 100 milts north of the into the barn next day, and well tramped red clover, alsike and a little timothy, Canadian Soo. Causley recently made into the mows. This plan can be coû-1 was eoually good in all parts of the mows, known his find to reputable people here, tinned from day te day until all is stored ! Mr. Glendenning mays that he knows of *ho made an investigation and returned in the barns. Three things must be three other farmers, who have followed i yesterday. They say it is a good thing borne in mind in curing hay by this this system for several years with-equal snj will turn out all right. They brought method First,—Do not cut the grass success, and it would seem well worthy of back with them splendid specimens of the until dry in the morning. Second,— trial by our farmers general y.	three minerals. A company is being
Do not allow the fresh cut hay to lie on Among the advantages of this method formed to work the ptoperty. the ground over-night, exposed to dew or of curing clover are : (1) The saving of
rain. Third,—If any hay should get wet time between cutting and storing in the The late Principal Grant left $30,000 with rain, let it stand in the cocks, until barn : (2) The fact that all of the leaves] life insurance to Queen's University
THE MARKETS.

SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 68 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3. to to $3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 11 to 12c. Butter, per pound, 15 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides, $4.30 to $5.50.
Calfskins. 45 to 65 cents each.
PERT C. tjODCINS.
F. W. Hudson, Live Stock Commissioner
OHAWVI LIE’S
U NEW
Here it is ! The Place
Lord Pauncefote Dead
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Curing Clover Hay
1
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
o
OTTAWA
In connection with my former busi- S ness I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 13 to 20c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 14c. per doz.
Potatoes, 00c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Pork. $7.25 to $9.25 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 48c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $0.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Valuable Mineral Find
mow is
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee frat-class work.
Teacher Wanted.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
Wanted, Teacher for the Primary.Department in Shaw ville Academy for the coming year. School will be open about 2qd September. Apply to the under signed, stating salary wanted, and what grade of diploma; also experience in teaching.	H. LANG,
-Tresar
¦I
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Shawrille. May 13, 1602.

I














###PAGE###5###
% . *
r
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No-ri*.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court due# must be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* . dlally Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
Elot
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PütitreHiD EveuY Thursday AT 8HAWVILLJB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
svem//>r/ee~#f.oo 4 r£4* zw 4PM*of.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrange ment with the publisher.

i
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
OUR MEN’S SUITS
!
A. SMILEY, Prop, at $7«00 The Kind that Gets all tfje Cream :
L.B.C
J. A. Cowan, RS.
John Bsokktt, C. R.
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES ;
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted it #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of s cents per line for first Insertion and :» cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rates, |	A
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 (shod free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
s
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD IV|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
Would put many of the Custom Tailors $10.00 to shame. We have had a big Turnover in our Men’s and Boys’ Clothing department so far this season. The prices, fit, style and workmanship combined with the superior quality of Cloths and Trimmings have set the people all coming to this Store.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Your Turn next.
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Business Cards.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
: :	N, Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
DR.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
AGAIN
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE ;
at the new house built by James’Cuthbertaon, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat urday afternoons. Telephone In office
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the “ IT. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
IN UNDERTAKING
Last week we made an offer to one of Montreal’s large clothing manufacturers to clear a complete line of Boys’ Clothing. This offer has since been accepted and today the goods are here for your inspection. The entire lot is underpriced so come quick.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishin
A. SMILEY.
_____________________ ranging from the
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,| SHS?
fi
F. T. M. C.
Omdnate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Ornoe amd Rssidkwci : J. H Aanrraono’s House, MAIN 8TR1KT - - SHAWVILLB.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
District and Country.
An insane patient lost his life in a fire in St Antoine Hospital, at Baie St Paul, Quebec.
The King has sent £1,000 to the Paris Relief Committee in aid of the sufferers at Martinique.
PrKey of everr vreck.^bffloe'at I	.S
R. MoC. Ritchie';* residence.	City, was thrown from his wheel and
killed.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
BARGAINS.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Headquarters for
UP-TO-DATE GOODS
BOOBBEiO BllHfILLE, L L, L
The corner stone of the new Board of Trade building at Montreal was laid by, Mr. Alexander MoPhee, President of the board.
'1
G.F.HODGINS
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
f
# e
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,

Mr. Everett and Mr. George Devo were killed at Parry Station by the bursting of a boiler in Mr. Waller Stayzer’s sawmill,
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 26, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Bhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday I Trenton, who ha# been missing for about
of each month.	I a month, was found in the Grand River
near Gilt.
Cunningham, of P.8. Big rush here for the Ladies’ Sailor Hats, 25c., 35c., 45c.
The body of J.J
(Xfflce-over Q. F. Hodglmt' Store, Main St.
•---—-------------------- Mr. Henderson Dixon, of Galt, who
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
ASK FOR

Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
LADYSMITH.
'fi
SC10U8H03S
The mix h »qumdron and Sqmdrons C. I and D. etubat km on tiiu Wii,u-frtdi»n a* Halifax on Saturday morning and sailed I tor Cap ? T wn.
Reports just itsued by the Board of Trade in regard to railway accidents show that rot a tingle passenger was killed in the year 1001 in Great Britain.
A train loaded with naptha exploded at Pittsburg. Twenty persons were kill ed and 200 to badly burned that 75 per cent, are not expected to live.
It is said that the Government is negota-ing with the C.P.R. fur the establishment of a fast line of Atlantic ateameta to oampete with the Morgan combined.
t. fl


Tru.it Building—
J. P. GBOSAtJ • •
48 Spark* Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1824.
Attend* court* of Ottawa and Pontiac District».
Fishing Nets
m
(LONDON)
m
m
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, Ac..
LAW CHAMBERS }
At Shawviilc 3rd Thursday each month. At request attends Courts In District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to
correspondents.
INDIA PALE ALE
MAIN STREET, HULL, - - QUE.
The barley and hops used are the finest that
It is a prime faveri' #.
. « • * 3/iid • a • •
money can secure.
12 MEDALS—14 DIPLOMAS, address 3 St. PetarStrest, QUEBEC.
Fishing Tackle
For Agency,
Goliad, Texas, was swept by a tore From fifty to one hundred are re
Jacob Hoffman, a respected citizen of Port Hope, dropped dead.
W. W. IRELAND,
nsdo ported killed.
Richard R. Higgins, aged 77, a resident of Lancaster township, was killed on the track near Bainaville Saturday.
o
The Parliamentary followers of the
Government will probably entertain the I Some yean ago the late Principal Premier to a banquet, to take place upon Grant took out a life insurance policy Commissioner and Conveyancer. Dee< *, Wilfrid's return from Europe in the of $30,000, making it payable to Queen’s. Mortgages, etc., executed legally and featJS i f^H.	Thus the university now comes in for
factorlly.	The Admiralty agreement with the t*lal Amounti	AhMggamgnMsj
S. A. MAOKAV. B.C.U.,
NOtt1tUANCE toANNANDR8AVINQ8U	......	*W «6 "
CO., OF ONTARIO.	Marquis Li, eldest eon and heir of the South Africa, is the envy and admiration
money to loan on bast terms. late Li Hung Chung, is dead, at the of the army which says itj is the fin-BRYSON, - - QUE.	; age of 40, leaving a son, aged 21, to in- est ever sent from any country. Major
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday of herit the title and great wealth of the Vaux added that he hopes the new lot every week.	| first Marquis.	| will bring one also. It is a splendid ad
vertisement.
of all kinds,
McDOUGALL & CT7ZNER, Hardware Merchants, • -
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Sussex St. Ottawa.
QUE.
Died in a Dentist s Chair
8HAWVILLE
Quebec, May 22.—Jules Guay, 25 mÊÊÊÊÊKÊfÊÊflÊÊÊKÊÊÊ ¦¦ years old, son of the late Dr. Malcolm	Winnipeg, Man. May 25.—Floods have
Guay, in his life time representative of	much damage to bridges in the
the County of Levis in the house of gouthern Alberta district, adjacent to commons, died suddenly this morning jyfaci€0(j. The Government bridge, over during a surgical operation by a dentist t^e jyfaD| and Belly rivera have been named Lamarche, St. Rocha. He was	outt and other bridges wrecked,
very sickly and under medical treatment ^ js feared that live stock suffered terrible for some time and the chloroform which | j0fjJ on ajj	near the United States
administered to him had a fatal
patents
PROMPTLY SECURED
you firee our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Wo make a specialty of applications rejected in other banda. Highest references furnished.
The shipping combine has purchased the De Trsfford estate the Manchester
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County terminât of the Manchester Ship Canal.
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like Many of the combine a steamers will run and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles to Manchester.
or prfvatî saisonVeosonape*Urras.PPub-	The Governor of the Windward le-
mon thl^x °varttty <o^artleles alwaya**on lends, Mr. Rebort Lleweldo, has receir- Ottawa May 25.—The Dominion hand for sale; Office: Shawville, Que. ed instructions from England to spend Government has decided that Juae 26th,
all the money necessary for the relief of Coronation Day, is to be observed as a the V lucent sufferers.	public holiday throughout the Dominion.
J. J. TURNER,
bounday
was
result
Coronation Day.
Jam 26 will be public holiday
THROUGHOUT THE DOMINION.
The corner-stone of the 6rat church to be erected in Galetta, was laid on Saturday afternoon. Yen. Archdeacon Bogert officiated at that function. The attendance war large. The archdeacon gave a fitting address and after lunch had been
ÊÜÜÜÜI
banda, and established "by local capital, the establishment of a ft:tory to employ
150 hands in the preparation of mica for I	., . . _ , . ,
shipment, the company neither asking j Shooting Accident at Buckingham
bonus or exemption, and the establish-	~~
ment of an umbrella fact ry in connection Alfred Brule, 24 Rose street Ottawa,
with the business of the Ottawa Coid and j sgent for the Capital Brewing Co.,
Tassel Company. They ask exemption of j dangerously, probably fatally wounded
taxes for five years, and state that they near Buckingham this morning. -
wiil employ 50 hands at a weekly outlay I waa brought to the city and taken to St.
of $150. This application was referred to Luke's hospital. The doctors holdout
a sub committee. There was alto a com- | slight hopes of his recovery.
Mr. Brule and two companies were
Ottawa's Progress.
TO
PATENT SOLICITORS A
mmsi
P, Q Sut rayon Aseociatloo, A woe. Member um. Society of Civil Bn*la"*r*.
emeu : {BIS? jBBRiSBS
SEVERAL J.AROE INDUSTRIES WILL LIKELY
BE ESTABLISHED.
GI Malta
About three hundred iron moulders,
1 coremakers, helpers and apprentices emI ployed in the Canadian Pacific Railway foundry at Hoohelaga went on strike beI cause their demands for a minimum rate The Department of Agriculture at Ot-of wages of $2.50 a day had not been hawa has been advised by cable through granted.	the High Commissioner's Office, that the
The Dominion Government he. die¦ htTe made regulitions under the ..le of allowed . it,lute of the Bm.eh Columbia Food Md D Act| 1899. whereby if a Legislature incorporating the Lake Ben le o( butter i, found to contain over net Railway Company, which waa paaaed ^ ^ cent. 0( water it shall be con
on May 11, 1901.	| aidered not genuine unless proved to the
contra
Of Interest to Butter Makers.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
•ad
JEWELLER
and will meat about 160 people.
PATENTS


Mm
PROMPTLY SECURED

A SELECT STOCS Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
mm
was
Write for our interesting books " In
He

Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted by us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Moot and Washington ; this qualifies us to prot ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty :—Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitera.
New York Life B ir,
Three of the men convicted of forging
Bank of England notes were sentenced	...
to f ou teen years penal servitude. The Division and Acting Commissioner in fourth prisoner was condemned to 18 Professor Robertson's absence, says the years' imprisonment.	regulation will not fiffoot the Canadian
butter trade to any great extent unless dealers should require a guarantee that butter which they produce does not contain water In excess of the limit. With proper cooling facilities at the creameries an that the churning, washing and working of the butter may be carried out at sufficiently low temperatures there is no difficulty in producing a butter which is well within the limite as regards the amount of water in it. From 12 to 13 per cent, is considered to be about the proper proportion of water in butter.

J. R. Ruddick, Chief of the Dairy
m


Mr
n
J'tim
a
Brpatri
munication from the Ontario Sugar Company, who suggests that the Govern- driving out on a fishing trip and when ment be urged to make a number of ex-j about four miles from Buckingham he perimenta in the cultivation of the sac- j made preparations to shoot at a bird with charine in the eastern end of the province hie 22-calibre rifle. Tiio ,aftvr waeil 11 It le expected that this may result in the i charged as he was leaning over it and t he establishment of a sugar refinery in bullet lodged undornoath his heart. He Ottawa. Mayor Cook and a number of | was conveyed to Buckingham where Dr. the aldermen were present at the meeting ; Sicard attended to him lie waa not able all in western constituencies, South to locate the bullet and brought him to Brant, South Wellington, London, Ottawa. Brule was conscious mil the Lincoln, South Wen worth, snd West time. Hie wife accompanied him to the Sirucoe. How far their faith will be City. He is about 36 years of age and is justified by their votes it will take s brother of the proprietor of the St. Thursday's count to tell.	1 Louie hotel.

A SVEClALiTV;
SH1YV1LLE, 6.
At Atlanta, Georgia, a number of negroes bsriicaded themselves in a store to resist arrest. A lot of promiecous shooting took place, and three policemen, four negroes and a while citixene were
Teacher Wanted.
Wanted For School No. 1 Lower j killed
('1 a*»^Heoentary”Diplomat Application. I The Canadian Foundry Company is the stating salary expected, to be addressed name of a new organisaten, with a capi-to the undersigned not later than the tâj 0f $160,000, which is be formed to 20th of June, 1902.	take over the business of the Hamilton
rWW£c. Treasurer, Wheel snd Foundry Company, and ex j	' Bryson Que. tend operations considerably.
ÆS2
{
Arthur Brown, O.TR. eectiooman was run over and killed at BjlUviUe,
/

^ %
k. .
9678
###PAGE###6###






THE KINÛEf BAROTSELAKD
COSTLIEN0LISH BARDENS IE,.* S'” .S£t JSJTJSm T;
A Ntw, Town Being Laid Out on	_	needed if wo included the cost of the I What They Must Put Up With
n ames.	MILLIONS OP DOLLARS SPENT j maintenance of grounds, fences. |	That Country.
some of whom had never before seen hie v*liJ from	V ,tl,1imte to ?luce the average cost of mind is well displayed in their eye- «<* to represent drawers. On it being suit in nothing more serious than _
SSSwS
5E5-I > ::: .™r:	c'shs .......................... „
journey extended in the north to the tirelv new tfm rnn7nim^97n 2.2 ** r °f *Ias8,hou#*8’ >he purchase of unknown to the civilized people of tended coming out of their own nc- home in Norwood. Pa., from gau-Congo frontier. A considerable por- fence ns it we.« ?» t,f '\ L *K' mam,res> *?de and P,anta ^uld. at the world. There are no characters cord, as they were nearly suffocated grene brought on by wearing u tight
=??ïsj5S£
of the most important tributaries of district is to be caTid dbTv l from *V°n an°rSt?r ^•000‘000l ia P"t to- mpoaslble to translate or trans- up. she said in a low voire : “I removed from her lungs without suf-the Zambesi, and in the previous such schemes ns Hm diif!! f fj Tj]!e dof® not Include capi- literate into Chinese such common can t, I feel very ill; my hand» pain faring serious consequences. These year he visited the source of th#iVilW0 2® ur '!	!	' I iR expenditure, which in some gar- marks as (A. 1) or (IV. 6). In place mo and my feet won't carry me ." are the two extremes that illustrate
ZambesL_____,__ \	tintait •‘V2’	? respect,	dens is very large.	of this, the Chinaman uses the ideo-	but when the police were going to	in a forcible manner how frail and
Lrrnd.H V ! Vi a h<)USf1	^ various	IN SOME GARDENS	graphs for the commoner facts 0f	rails her she Jumped up and ran.	uncertain a thing life ;	_
îssgsis isiHss	tessss
and be whisked	^	and "^thing is allowe<l for the	ex- cAhvc* containing two characters. I	The Various Diseases to Which	! later gangrene developed. The shoe
idealized mntnrJlV	*	dftl,y on	penditur© of that vast army of	fol- 0nc ^presenting the day of the week	they Are Addicted.	button removed from Louise TMahin-
: FS^HlàsÉZMlFSssS
£dc*n:,r „r,r	ns; % •szjs	sa. % "" --—« - - -r%;r F«3*	sws.t
=, AL '$r .U	sw jyr ,rrs dt ai % ssr-	j
interested in carnations, and a large WHY HE TURNED PALE.	ly--especially as a children’s disease
J	H	I «ratios and compUttJy recovered.
DNCEBTAINTIES OF LIT®
THE JEWS IN RUSSIA.
in
HE WILL BE PRESENT AT THE
CORONATION.
SOME O TR ANGE ESCAPES AND STRANGER DEATHS.
mere scratch of #
no
an
EXTREMES OF DEATH'S VAGARIES.
is in some
KING LEWANIKA
Some interesting details of the present situation in Barotseland have already been obtained by Reuter’s Agency from a well-informed source. It is not inappropriate that King Lewanika should come to England, for there is no more enlightened or loyal native chief in Africa. He has placed the whole of his empire, which is much larger than Germany, under British protection, and it is administered by the British South Africa Company. It is one of the few countries which have been handed over to the British without bloodshed. The King is a man of line physique, and is 45 years of age, and his pronounced loyalty has led him to do everything in his power to assist the administration
mixture of European and native ideas. He is a pagan and does not speak English, but he always dresses in European clothes. Ho lives in a really fine house in his capital of Loalui, and in many respects maintains the establishment on British lines
habitants
They were the
WAS
AN AUSTRALIAN TRIBUTE.
Corporal Abbott Speaks Highly of
the Canadians.
i
Many flattering things have been
Ho is a curious
The place is built of choice native woods, but it contains British furniture. A prominent feature in his dining-room—where ho often entertains the officers of the administration at luncheon or dinner, which is excellent and we’.l served in the European stylo—is a portrait of Queen Victoria
remove
MANY DAYS OF SUFFERING
)
«
c
a
a
P
d
d
The
s
ti-
lde
w
awav. but

Is
tors
The barge is of immense weight, being at least 30 foot long and very wide. It is propelled by eighty rowers, most of whom are in-dun as, and all attired in tiger skins round the loins and lions' manes on their heads. Even the Prime Minister, who wears European clothes, has to take off these garments, and, putting on his tiger skin, to take his turn at the oars. The king himself is seated under a canopy, which is surmounted by gigantic stuffed figures of elephants or giraffes, usually manufactured by Lewanika himself of calico and cane.
In King Lcwanika’s country there
officials.
are
Hi
so
cr
re
a
pe
Ai
pi-
Mi
Sh
iy
SAVED BY A FEATHER BOA
very
st<
foi
arc about twenty British mostly at the government headquarters at Kalomo. The whole country is very rich in minerals, especially in copim in the Batoko and Bakaonde districts
ABDUL HAMID AS EDITOR.
lit
inj
tin
W8
WG
A great deal has been
th<
It is believed if it
me

chi

i
th<
alf

coi
otl
sur
tal
tro
cur
tio
Th<
dis]
Kler
of <
all
pni
Wil
Ont

Fi
mar
Kat
not
utt<
Tr
will
and
lfftt
op*
tic





###PAGE###7###
the time to cut hay.
WORDS OF H0P8.
FRENCH ROMANCES.
*
dr ww/ ftvudl/ jAfaons
^ as	d'/dÂtes/fal
One cent wise One dollar foolish To use any but the best
A peculiar feature of the serial publication in Kroiice is that immediately a sensational crime is committed, nn author is commissioned to write a story on the facts, long before these have been established by a verdict. A man is at present lying in Lyons prison on ft charge of wholesale murder, and although ho was arrested only six weeks ago, and will not Le tried for several months, the third part of his biography as "The Murderer of Women" has already appeared. The career of llricrrc, the killer of his five children, Is appearing weekly also, and these are only two out of a long list of ii|Ho-dnte feuilleton# published in penny parts.

Mr. F.
W. Hods on Gives
_________ Bom#
Valuable Hints on the Question.
4
TO A LL WHO SUFFER FROM A L1UM DOWN SYSTEM.
NT)
i,
The aim of our fanners In growing
forage crops is to produce from a JM_________________.
given area us large a quantity us %/ fllTT TIVTfNX possible of the digestible nutrients In	I M I If vH sg
a palatable form. The time at which	L 14f II	8 1
a forage crop is harvested may af-foct the crop in three ways, viz in	_
the quantity of material harvested, mJ
Thousands throughout this coun- in the composition of the crop, and	I#
try wiiior seriously from general do- in the payability of the fidder. As A	|
bility—the result of impoverished a general rule it has been found that	\
blood and shuttered nerves. To all the greatest amount of dry matter b*ucii the story of Mis. Harriet Farr, is secured where forage crops are ul-widow of the lute Itev. Richard Farr, lowed to fully mature and riptm.
Fenwick, Ont., a lady well known The only exception is in the case of throughout the .Niagara district, clovers and other legumes, where the will point the means of renewed leaves rattle ol! and uro lost, either health. Mis. Farr says ''For a before or during the process of foupio of years prior to 1899 1 was ing.	I |
a groat sufiorer from a run down It does not follow that system. My digestion was bad ; 1 plant increases in yield of dry maV had little or no appetite and was ter that its nutritive valuo has in a very poor StatO* 1 suffered from portionately increased heart palpitation and a feeling continual

Mrs. Harriet A. Farr, Fenwick, Ont., Tells How She Obtained a Cure After Suffering for Two Years.
vV
ml
((i&^LCMsy ifc. •
iM
REDVCE3
II
EXPENSE
or
7*/	fate-As y Gyhl/
in
•»;
so
ol
in
he
oe
Providing we Imre your order «tonte, naming quantity isquired each month, we wiu guarantee to supply you with good sound hemont of good quality, dm iag the month of May $800 per box, during Juno $3 25 per box, during July #3.00 per box no matter bow much price advance*. Ship them ta you want them, one or more boxes at a time, TtiU offer only open for few day*.
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited, Toronto.
cur-
i
in
when a
al

J-
¦Pro-
It It’ quite
of I possible that changes in texture and Doctors’ composition of dry substance treatment failed to benefit me and 11 offset the greater yield gradually grow
e.

is
#
exhaustion

may The dry
Iworro until 1 was I matter of mature grass contains a finally unable to do the least work, huger proportion of crude fibre than I then began using J)r. Williams' the immature
r/j

Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tee the world produces, and le soit’ only in lead packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
span tea drinkers try “S*UdâM Greco teg.
i

The finest matchsa In the werld, made from •eft corky pint, and especially suitable for domestic use -put up In meat sliding boxes,asserted colors each box containing about 5W matches three boxes la# peek
I.
E.B. Eddy’s
Headlight
Parlour
Matches
Every
loiyask
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
>!
The plant hardens In
Pink Mils, and from the very first texture and loses, In both palatabili-1	noted an	improvement in my con-	ty and digestibility.	It is therefore,
dition.	The severity of my trouble	usually advisable to	begin cutting
gradually lessened and by the time hay early, and where there is a large I had taken eight boxes 1 was again crop to be gathered work should been joying the best of health despite gin early in order Cent it shall be
I believe that Dr.	completed before the	grass seeds are
Pink Pills saved my life	ripe enough to shell	from the heads
and would strongly urge all sufferers of the late cut grass. Chemical,
to give thorn a trial, believing they analysis has shown that plants are	W	L, K°od Btory is told of a certain
will be of great benefit."	richer in protein in the earlier stages	I scotch magistrate, who, on rising '
When your blood is poor and of growth than when fully grown or	HERBERT FROCK	Iono morning, found that he had
com%i.r' Z I ration™ madc'"up	common ^go.	^y 'o't Ltghûy wot-	'toilet, ho rusheJ	e e a * # *.* #.*.*.#.
table to stock, and weight for four inches wide. The size for four °f ll,n faie, with the addition of i # weight., more satisfac tory. On the ; years will require three and ono- a su,tantial tip, and then, to the! @ other hand by Into cutting we	so-	fourth	yards of	goods	thirtv-six	in-1	astonishment,	pressed	forty) %
I lie busy have no	time ror	tears.—	I euro a considerable larger quantity	chcs	wide,	or one	and	three-fourths shl,linKs into	his	hand,	at	the	same
* Y!	,	. .	. |of carbo-hydrates, which are valua- yards of goods fifty-four inches U?!e S1,iyin?
I .une is the perfume of heroic blc for finding, and of crude fibre wide.	Here s forty shillings, my man;
deeds.—Socrates.	which is of low feeding value.	f	y°u will be brought before me
W hut frenzy dictates jealousy be-	For the dairy cows and sheep, ,	mnrn T Til film TIT) Cl	morrow for furious driving, and I
Roves.—(Jay.	grass should be cut early, since these	1WU liÜll lÜlüu*	'sha11 fino you that amount."
Strong reasons make strong	ac-	animals do not relish hay that	is
(ions. Shakespeare.	woody and lacking in aroma, as	is
Whatever makes man a slave takes the case with late cut hay. half his worth away.—Pope	I horses and fattening cattle later
Tfyere is little influence where there cutting is allowable, as these animals js not great sympathy.—S. I. Prime, subsist mostly on concentrated food,
Maxims nra_ the condensed good and hay serves more for "filling," senso of nations.—Sir J. Mackintosh. | horsemen | tirent talkers are like leaky
o
for

it
99
(I
k
k
t
my sixty years Williams*
-
mg*
TO MAKE AMENDS.
I
For Sale by All first Clame • Dealers.

I
»
aches
i
»
I
l
i
i
Ramsay’s Paint
?
I
and no other, for no other has such a record for durability, economy, beauty, elasticity, easy to @ work, beautiful in tone, and at # the proper price for the best # paint.	2
Drop us a card anti ask for @
BOOKLET "K" FREE
showing how some homes are £ painted
?


r
PKARLS OF TRUTH
h
»
o
PAINTJ
0
:
MW. IS4Î
A. RAMSAY & SON,
MONTREAL

to-
Paint Makers
4

?
•¦•it
ANOTHER CALIFORNIA EXCURr
SION. .
The Wabash Railroad Company is again in the field with another cheap excursion to Los Angeles and San Francisco; the round trip will be less the one-way first-class fare On sale May 26th to June Good
For | THEY PROVE THE PERMANENCY OF CURES BY DODDS KIDNEY PILLS.
Ireland produces 140 million yards of linen a year, to England's 45 million.
wpo im
?HE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE

TO CURE A COLD IE ORE DAT.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. A 1 druggists refund the money if It fails to cure. E. W. Grove's signature is on sack box. Uo
say. In tests made by VV8-1 Professors Sanborn ami Henry In sels; everything runs out of them — fattening steers with early and late C, Simmons.	cut hay, it was found that late cut
It is only reason that teaches sil-| hay gave the best results. If cutting ent'e; the heart teaches us to speak. [ is delayed too long the stems of the
tough stringy and
A judicious silence is always bet-1 the seeds scatter from the heads, ter than truth spoken without char- Such hay has little aroma and lacks Ity.—De Sales.	| palatnbility if not nutrient». Though
Idleness is only the refuge of weak ! indefinite quantity, the aroma of minds and the holiday of fools. — | grass has real value in rendering
¦¦HI	HMHBi bay more palatable. When the sun
Waste of time is the most extra va-j' dissipates the dew from the dying
.runs in the meadow, we detect the
escaping nroinn, because the dew in The world is full of hopeful analo-1 rising, carries some of it into the
handsome, dubious eggs j a*r- This is one reason why hay
should not remain the field at night.
Over Six Years Have Gone by, I than and This Cure Still Stands —Only One of Many Such
Cases.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
tickets 7 th, 1902 thne within 60 days
to return any Choice of
,	.	, . . ,	.	For every 28 gallons of refined
rou tes going and returning west of I paraffin burnt in our lamps 100 gal-
Chicago or St. Louis. All tickets ions of crude oil have been pumped should read via Detroit, and over from an average depth of 500 feet, the Wabash, the short and true
route from Canada to California.
wonderful
trip from any agent or J. A Rich-1 C. C. RICHARDS & CO ardson, District Passenger Agent. Ceiitlemen.-I have used MIN-corner King and Yonge streets. To-j ARD’S LINIMENT ronto
St. Mary's Ferry, N. B., May 10. —(Special)—Mr. Thomas Harrison of this place has addressed two significant letters to The Dodds Medicine Co., Toronto.
Richter
frwenrw the teeth. Sweeten# the breath Strengthen# the gum»
The First One.
St. Mary’s Ferry, Doc. 18, 1895.
Gentlemen:
I feel it my duty to you and to the public at large to tell what Dodd's Kidney Pills have done for me.
About	year ago 1 began to HHHR WKÊKÊÊKÊÊKI
suffer with severe pains over the ro- tunnels in tho Rock of Gibraltar is
n sixty-two miles.
Chesterfield
TO PRINTERS
on my vessel and
and for
•very day ills and accidents of life I
total length of the military I Cons,der it has no equal.
1	1 would not start
in my family for years,
gant and costly cf all expenses Theophrastus.
FOR SALE.—Twa 2-revolutfon Campbell on a voyage I P„r”e,eeL ** /«xi» Inohse. Splendid without it. If it cost a dollar a ord,r‘ Prloe Si,008 each. Terme easy, bottle.	•. FRANK WILSON,
73 Weet Adelaide «t., Tercnte
The
gics and called possibilities.—George Eliot
scattered over Green colored,
"My dear friend, 11 sweet smelling hay is really the best. That girl’s heart is a,ld prudent farmers will not over-I can make no im- *°°k 8UCh seemingly small points as
You preserving the aroma and preventing Try bleaching
gion of my kidneys, followed by very lethargic feeling.
When I lay down it.was torture to get up again.
This state continued for some time, anti all tho while 1 was still getting weaker and losing flesh rapidly.
My appetite was very much impaired, and at last I was obliged to call in a physician.
He gave my sufferings a very learned name, and doctored me for some
CAPT. F. R. DESJARDIN Schr. "Storkc," St. Andre, Ka-mouruska.
Mr. Fargone: urn in despair, as hard us steel pression don't go at in the right way diamonds steel.”
fad's Liniment Relieves Neuralgia
Dominion Line Steamship!
Montreal Id Liverpool. Beaton to Rv«r> 4 pool. Portland to Liverpool. Via Quetea*
---	-	.	— j torn.	V
What’s this I hoar |	tSL”
are amldablpm. Speeial attention has boon rhsn is jZ Bernod Saloon and Third Mm arrommodsUen fZ ratesofnaoesee and all partieolars, applj to aef a##* of the Compeer or
MM
1
it.” Friend
« «
on
A balloon without passengers sent up from Paris reached a height, measured by self-registering instruments, of 10$ miles. Six was previous record.
F. W. HODSON,
Live Stock Commissioner
They are harder than
Miss Thinne: the I About Jack putting his arm around
Miss Fatte
of the kind.”
“Well, as far round, then,
Mis. Do Fndd: "The latest fashion is to have the piano built, into tho wall.” Mr. De Fadd (wearily): "Well, that’s sensible! Let’s wall up ours.”
you?”
do anything Tliinne
i $
He didn’t Miss
i e
JAPAN’S LITTLE JOKE
There is humor, ns well as secrecy, in	diplomacy,	ami an excellent story	* mo’	* 8ot no	better
is	recalled by	tho treaty with Japan.	1 called	in several	other physicians,
Years ago the Emperor of Japan but Wa8 ttI1 no use; my sufferings sent an embassy to France to ar- got wors.e a11 fho time until I began with the French Government to <^*sPft*r of life, the aliening of certain ports ,A fricnd advised me to use Dodd’s were to	be	de- Kidney rills. I was very skeptical
free for the trade but wafl Prevailed on to commence a of the Republic.	The Ja- treatment; the first box made me feel
Health is the birthright of all lit- PAllesc Government had con- 8°Tmc b(tt1er-	.	, ,
Me oies It is a mother’s duty to seated to throw open three ports to . 1 l,a8sed * stone that had formed ROSTON EXCURSION VIA WEST | population
that her baby enjoys it. Moth- he chosen by France in exchange for in the bladder	SHORE
er’s greatest aid in guarding child- three French ports, and the Foreign 1 continued the use of Dodd’s Kid- The event of the season will be tho I of the century ren’s health is Ruby’s Own Tablet»— I Minister in Paris, who need not be	ncy ril,s until I had used three	cheap excursion from Buffalo or Sus
a medicine which can be given with I named, made his selection in confer-	boxcs and now believe that I have	tension Bridge to	Boston and	return
perfect safety to the youngest baby. I en re with the Embassy from Tokio.	ft rafIicnl and complete cure, as it is	by regular trains	of the West	Shore
Among	the	many	mothers	who	have,	He	choke the	ports of Yokohama,	monlhs since 1	URed any of the	Railroad.	Tickets	only	ten	dollars
proved	the	value	of	this	medicine	is	Yeddo, and	Man Yang. The Em-	1 lI,s’ and	have had	no symptoms or	($10.00),	good	going	May	23rd,	and
Mrs. J. W. Booth, Bar River, Out. | bassy bowed and left—with a smile, veturn of thc malady.	valid for return until and including
She says "My baby suffered great- j wo may be sure. A few days elapsed,	* know that my cure is due to	Juno 2nd
ly from sore mouth and bad | and thc Embassy called again on the	1,0 dd’8 Kidney Pills, as I used
stomach. Several doctors prescribed | Foreign Minister, to inform him that	°*h(‘r medicine after
for her, but nothing seemed to bene- Japan had selected the three ports the,r U8e-fit her in the least till I began giv- of Havre, Marseilles and Southamp-ing her Baby’s Own Tablets, and ton. There was a titter in the For-Uien in a short time my little one eign office, and the Minister forgot was fully restored to health. 1 the importance of the business in his would not be without the Tablets in | merriment. When he the house,
mothers to use them when their children are ailing ”
Baby's Own Tablets are used in thousands of homes In Canada and always with beneficial results. They contain absolutely no ôpinte or other harmful drug ; arç mild, but sure in their action and pleasant to take. The very beet media ne for all troubles of the stomach and bowels, curing colic, indigestion, constipation diarrhoea and simple fever They give relief in teething troubles, dispel worms, promote healthful sleep and cure all the minor ailments of children. Price 25 cents a box at all druggists, or sent by mail post paid, by writing direct to The Dr.
Williams' Medicine Co., Brock'ville,
Ont., or Schenectady, N Y.
Lever’s Y-Z (Wise Head) Disinfectant Soap Powder is better than IM could.” other soap powders, as it also acts as a disinfectant.
R,UA%&HT8 wanted
WÊÊÊÊÊÊ Fnr Over Sixty Yen
nnd'ie)enmarkft412	hnS 129’ I !^«SNîÆ8ÏSwSXftmw-" “*
BABY’S BIBTHBIGHT
W# want at once truatwcrtkj men and women In every locality, local or Irwrelief, to Infodace a new «haooverf end keep our show eerde and advaitU n« matter tacked up in eoaeplcuow places tbroufkeut %k# town and country. Hteadr employment year round, ".oenmleeiea or salary, |6j|.eo per Heath and
not to exceed |1M per day
range
about
which
dared
Is Health and Happiness.—How Mothers Can Keep Their Little Ones Well.
t «penses.
Write for particular*
INTERNATIONA MEBIClNc CO.. LON BON ONT,
Poetoflce box S3T,
The rate of increase in the English i between 1881 and 1891 wus only 11.7 per cent.—the lowest
emiN.° •
wAucme
on
OUTINO
SUIT#
Try a
see
fad's Liniment for sale everywhere
HITIIH AHilOAM OWIHQ CO
MONTH SAL, TORONTO. OTTAWA A QUZBIO
London gas costs 45 pence a thousand feet, that of Manchester 30 pence, of Paris 70, and of New York 100 pence.
Brass Band
See West Shore Agents no I for tickets and further information, commencing or address If. Parry, General Agent,
377 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms. Etc.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
IfSSS BBSS!» 5fffl|2
r renen.	i cnn posetNy derive from them. Ha 1'e VsUrrh —_
Core, man i factored by F.J. Cheney A Co.. To-	" “
ÎM: X“dT^M,Woir.Ld -H-H-H-I-H-H-H-H-H-I-H-W-
macouN rarfacee of the eyetem. In baying I T	OlIP OebeiT
;£"3rrîS;H"S:H i llUDtllTIID[<! SSL”-
salately safe security with a profitable
return for tho money invested. They are issued in sums of $100 and • upwards for terms of one, two. three, four or five years, and interest at the rate of
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
s
Yours truly,
THOMAS HARRISON.
The Second One.
could stop st a “a,y'a Ferry. N.B., Mar. 24. nil | laughing he explained to the Japan- ~
cse Minister that Southampton was lcmJn;	*________________________________________
in England. ”We arc perfectly aware W“ft 1 8ûid ,n	1 cnn ftf* this I ..	,	n n f t m
of it,” said thc minister, “and Hun I foment most emphatically substan- ; ^ f)arO S L 0 (1160 iWll DaildfllF. Yang is in C a ”	tlatc-	11	V UW UU,,U,UM
1 have never had the slightest symptom of a return of my old trou-
are 250 railway station# within six miles of St. Paul’s | I thedral
There
A htdy was looking for her husband, and inquired anxiously of a housemaid know nhything of your master's whereabouts?” ma'am,” replied the careful domestic, ”but I think they’re in thc Wash
free.
ble
Ca-

Yours truly,
I I THOMAS HARRISON.
•-----4-------
Five pounds of oats give a horse. .	.
os much nourishment as ten pounds j ^ £idîj"nlt	No	**“
Paris has only 87.
Do you happen to
t 4
Ocupone Attached.
Rangoon grows faster than any • • British city. Its average rate of in- * * tï crease is 8$ per cent, a year
Tin
not sure,
9 I
HOW GRAND VIZIERS DIE
PUL-MO
IS THE WHY ABMVTE
CURE for Consumption and all
and thirty-six of the I throat and lung troubles. One dose gives I H H	or j relief. One bottle often cures. A FREE
the Bosphorus. Of the BAMFLE RRTTLI to every reader of this paper. | remaining forty the cause of death Pul-Mo is for sale by all druggists at ; cannot be traced, but from the sil- | Si.oo per laige bottle—15 cents for small cnee of Tuifctsh historians on the tizs, or it may be ordered direct from
subject their end was evidently not XHB PUL-MO CO., TORONTO, ONT. happy- One of the Viziers wus only four hours in office, and another occupied thc position for only ten minutes, being strangled at the end
¦ There i. too much system in this MiHSf(i'S LIlllHHillf CllfES BllfDSi BIC
school business,” growled Tummy "Just because I snickered n little the monitor turned me over to the principal, and the principal turned
"No. - Pa turned mo over his kne
Of the latest two hundred Grand Viziers of the Sultan of Turkey not more than twenty-four have died naturally. One hundred of them were poisoned,
others were either beheaded
drowned in
1
FOUR PER CENT. PER ANNUM
Did you notice Captain Dash’s tie to-night?” Mary:	”Yes,
but it ie his moustache that always tickles me
Ethel
4 4
Accrues from the date on which the money is received by the Company WÊÊ Write for further tion.
9 I
Was that all
V»
* $

» t
Father:	I spoke to the young
man you wish to marry to-day Kate, and I must confess that I was not favorably impressed. Ho seems utterly lacking in will power!” Kate: "True, but his father has enormous will power, and he is an only son. and 1 think T can supply tho domestic want I”
informa-
PAGE METAL GATES'
UM*dSwlKlhî,2tiï
?r.nc.z •w.ffSot "r1
9
THE CANADA PERMANENT and WESTERN CANADA •j- MORTGAGE CORPORATION -jT Towewrb .tweet, Toronto I
circle without
" : appearance.	¦!
I ¦ I	mSSSSssS
that la low enov i:h In price for •raw il fartu purpoaee We alas nrtt Fan.) and < «marnent#
!	( , i . v N’-ïti: /. Naib. ¦ Staple#. The Hm# Wire Fence < Limit* Wilkervllle. Ont
^a.	i -- — —r* i#	• «•
I 1
tvoooa Photo. E ncr mim.
W1U0EWINC.(« S
“166 BAV STRCCT —TOROMIO
<vi e



###PAGE###8###
4 % 4
E. HOOCINS & SON’S ADVT.
DO YOU WANT TO
SAVE MONEY ?
HOLD UP
TEA
¦ ¦ ¦
Do you want to buy GOOD GOODS CHEAP? If you do come and examine our Shoes. We do not sell—to sell—but to satisfy. We guarantee satisfaction in any line we carry.
a minute and read this, If your clothe* are beginning to approach a condition of innocuous desuetude, which will make It neoeasary to discord them. We wont your patronage^ uot for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why Î Our stock is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling ho many Suite it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are all right
TEA!
TEA!
t
We are now showing a full line of
J apans
BOOTS and SHOES
and
made in the latest styles, from the best manufacturers, and sold at a very close margin.
Inspection invited. No trouble to show Goods.
Ceylons.
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
Unequalled Japan Tea,
17 to 20cts.
SHAWVILLE.
M. STEWART
The Barondale Veterinary R|edicines.
DO YOU USE YOUR OWN JUDGMENT WHEN BUYING OR DO YOU DEPEND
ON A SALESMAN’S ADVICE ?
Ceylon Green
*
Salada, 25 to 35cts.
V
#


l
Ceylon Black
Salada, 40, 50, to 60cts.
Don you realize that his advice may be influenced by the large profit that there is in some makes ? Study the situation. Compare quality and price. Be critical. Study every detail. We are willing to abide your judgment.
*
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
Animals this seatson of the year require something to purify the the old coat of hair, restore the appetite nod put him in a health)' condition for the Spring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by all who use it. We have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
blood, remove
SOMETHING NEW.
Testimonial.—About as had a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed In one brought to my stable recently. 1 was in a great way to cure him if possible, 1 but so bad was it I had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Bakondalk	z>
¦ HEAVE Curb was recommended to me and 1 procured a Ixittle. I gave him only I |)|\rSS two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied anv 1 person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect-1 might t>ay that this horse wa« afterward* sold to a Gipeey—the heal of judges of horses—who after driving him considerably, on n warm day. failed to see t he least sign of a defective wind.	Yours truly, JOHN BURKE, Ottawa.
For sale at—
O'Meara Bros', Bryson ;
T. & D. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island ;
goods’ specials : Quaker Ceylon Tea
at 50cts. a pound.
9
Poplin, Bengaline, Viote, Ladies’ Cloth, Costumes, Estime, Venetine and Silk Grenadines. Dainty effects in Opera Flannel Blouse Lengths. Beautiful Silk Muslin, American Muslin, Linen Organdy, Silk Novelties, Novelty Muslin, Waist Cloth, Scotch Lawn, Colored Muslin, Alcalada Cords, Stella Batiste, Frau Batiste, Dotted Swiss Batiste Satinee.
75 PIECES PRINT to select from—all new fast colors, from Gets, to 12fcts.
Regular price, 1 Sets.
J. F. Cror.au's, Ladysmith. Silas Young's, Starts Corners.
W. N. Lucas', Caldwell
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake ;
Finest Flavored and most Delicious Tea ever used in Canada.
Drug Store, Shawville
A Guatemalan Town Wholly
Destroyed.
Clarendon S. Commissioners
E. HOGGINS & SON.
>
See Special Line at lids.
TWO HUNDRED PEOPLE ARE REPORTED KILLED AND MANY WERE INJURED.
Shawville, 20th May, 1002.
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met this day.
Members present : Robert Smart, chairman. Cemmissoners: R W Ralph, F Thomas, John Grunt, and James Wilson.
Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed.
Moved by R W Ralph, seconded by James Wilson, that the offer of contractor Thomas Prandergast tp add 18 inches to the height of the hall for the sum of $4* (forty five dollars) be and is hereby accepted.—Carried.
Moved by James Wilson, seconded by John Grant, that inasmuch as that W B Armstrong has been asked to look after the building of School House No 7, that now he is asked to continue to attend until finished.—Carried.
Moved by F Thomas, seconded by Jaw Wilson, that the engaging of teachers take place on Friday the 13th day of June, at the hour of ten in the morning, and that as many teachers as feel disposed are invited to be present at said engagements. All the teachers in the Municipality are re’ieved from teaching on said day, 13th day of June, 1902. Sec -Trcas. will advertise in The Equity and the Montreal Daily Witness.—Carried.
Hugh Matheson, Sec-Trews
Hamburg. May 24—A special despatch to the Humtuig Doer*emballe from Guatemala says that the town of Quez-altenango has been whcl’y destroyed by an earthquake, which lasted three quarters of a minute. Business is entirely suspended in Guatemali and a great part of the coffee crop there has been destroyed.
T. W. WILSON & GO
Selling Out I
TERMS Cash or Produce.
British Columbia Mining Disaster.
One of the mo;t terrible disasters in the history of the almost too frequent mine accidents in British Columbia, occurred last Thursday night, iothe Crowe s Nest Coal company’s property at Fernie. Over one hundred of the men, principally foreigners, are reported to be dead, they having been entombed by a terrific explosion, with little hope of rescue.
Moat of the men lost were men of f families, and the wailing of the widows and orphans is beirtrending.
An explosion of gas tuok place in No. 2 shaft of the mine extending thence into No. 3. At the lime there were 133 miners beneath the surface ard only 24 are known to have escaped.
HONG KEE.iaPointer
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business I
1
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
Next door to Mian A. McRae's,
ain Street, • Shawville-
J
Laundry work of all kinds done in first-class style.
Young Cattle Astray.
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about a month ago four head of yearling cattle— 1 heifer, 1 steer, 2 bull calves. The owner is requested to come men and boys | and identify property, pay costs incurred
and remove the animals at once.
JOHN STRUTT,
Yarm, Clarendon.
ARMSTRONG BROS
Coal Mine Disaster
Hymeneal
BETWEEN 176 AND 126
• LOST THEIR LIVES BY AN EX PLOSION

Ottawans, Mr. ias Linda Eina
Two popular young .7. D. Coleman and M Muodie, daughter of Mr. Robert Moodie, Bay Street, were married Thursday 22nd inet, at the residence of the bride a sister, 295 Bell street. The wedding was quiet
LADYSMITH.
Coal Creek, Tenn., Mty 20.—Yesterday's disaster is the worst in the history of Tennessee mining. The exact number
of deaths caused by explosion in the...	.
spl.p3 ifliS#”
°“—T*^ *	WE print
4	.ni *h. s. p.% 1ygsind
a	jk stït-Jiaï süa
atreet. vitizjn.	| ^here was a fearful roar, and then flames
shot from the entrance and the air
The Printer
Public Notice.
to show people what you are doing.
A MAN IS A FOOL
H. H. ELLIOTT, Pres. H. A. HODGINS, Sec.
WHO IS NOT HONEST I
Speaking about the inquiries for hunting and fishing permits and prospect*, Mr N. E. Cormier, of Aylmer, provincial game warden and fishery overseer, of Quebec, said : ** 1 recently received on an average 43 letter a day, all from Americans desirous of using rod and gun in the Kippewa, Temiscsmmg, Gatineau and other disteicts. One party, who expressed his intention of coming over in August, is already planning and making arrangements. The influx will be much greater this year than in past years.
Several parties, Mr Cormier continued, are desirous of securing leases on fishing and hunting territory and erecting theroo club house#. The latest inquiries were received from New York City, Philadelphia and Plainsfield, N. J.
The Kippewa flab and game c ub ie arranging t) erect a new club house this summer.
The purchase of the Gatineau and Pontiac lir.es by the C P R is bound to popularize these districts, and the Americans will hear more of them than they have in the past.
In my opinion the Gatineau district affords better fishing than any of the others, stated Mr. Cormier. —Ottawa
Citizen.
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, bards, &c. at moderate coat and do the work well. Try a sample order.
It pays to be honest. We might sell an inferior article, misrepresenting it, and make a $ or 2 by the deal, but would lose not only the customer, but his or her influence, which would mean hundreds of $’s in a few years.
Five People Killed inSonth Caro-	New' of the dmiter upretd like
line by a Tornado. — wvd-tire, but m soon as poeeibfe two
____	leicuing parties wore staged in, one at
the main entrant*, the other through Union, S.C., May 26.—This p aoe was Thistle mine, which adjoins, and in visited yesterday afternoon by a terrible which no men were at work. E ghtdead tornado. Four deaths and considerable bodiee weie fi,st recovered, and these loss of property resulted. Knitting Mill were eent to Coal Cieek. Twenty six Hill, south of the town, caught the whole more were soon found. They were not foree of the tornado, winch blew down | disfigured beyond identification, and each the school and two residences, coure*t- I corpse, as it was borne from the mouth mg them lile-ally in-o kiuding wood. 0f the gigantic tomb, was surrounded by Miss Sal he Hart and Mss Annie Lawson : eager crowds of relatives of the men who were instantly killed M»*s Mery Sims | werA entombed. The mine was not on and her hit c daogh er Vets died later, dre except in remote portions.
Jones ville reports in a telegram to Miss |	m
Lawson, the lady who was killed, that ¦¦ÉÉéE	¦MhBI
the storm was fearful at that place and one of her family had been ki'led.
Lawson was dead when the telegram I mikes two ont of the family of the late arrived. The propert y lost here will William Murray who will be fighting for aggregate about $20,000.	1 the King in South Africa.
Our greatest ambition is to have everyone satisfied with us. We aim to give a $ for $. If there is anyone who thinks we have not dealt squarely with them we want to know it.
We Mean what we Say.
The Equity.
NOTICE.
Whyte The Watchmaker,
T. F. Murray, of Pembroke has en-Mils I lifted in the Fourth Contingent. This
Thoroughbred Ayrsbiee Bull. mgiMtred No. 14166. Beet animal of the breed in the County. Service fee 11.00.
THEODORE HODGINS,
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
Shawville.

/
/



(

s



