###PAGE###1###

s
Z
/
Y :



¦5
No. 32
17 ru Yeau.
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, FEB. 22, 1900
$1.00 a Y ear in Advance
< "lick
¦¦v hic-iH
( 'hick» only per •{<>/
k«i
lm;H m'y
«
Mr. .1
“ Gillie»
* »w ;it f!ie Ottei* Luke 11 or Savunl iy, un liu way to tlit* linn's him iinjit.
Mi I . Murtagli, Imnberiug on <uiil-cmw- down this vn.-ok, ami reported
ika1 lit Im«l ::0 ai>?uis of horse» idle
f tliv Lillies
h <
une
lilt* “Deacon Drama < ». nuuilivring i. L'2 persons arrived in (own today and have registered at ih- Russell and Routine Houses.
II,md OHIO*:
U'Apt tel *ubi',riWd np.ui iwua up .
1	! 1 of Directon :
Chaklkh Maokk, Esq., President. CAPI1AL -	$6,000,000.
Gkoroe Hay, khq, Vice-President.	I
reserve fund, - 2.600,000.
Mi;Ki 11 v, K««|.
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........Sl,frV4.VUO
.........1,7 tt.OMO,
........... 1.40U10,
••I
OF CANADA.
NEW
SPRING
GOODS
foi
wuiie (mu
n account of (lit* thaw •il of thaw to thaw tin n who have produce to send •'ills are alive with tenus Sans VfkFHoMK.
It
Clarendon Council
tali
l ,t
con rug
r
Vr.v iN. J
1 own Hall, Slmxwillv, Fell, Ô1I1, 1900. ir Regular session <»! tin- Council thin J
Mayor, mv.illots, W.
ioim 8 tew art, Jolin Smiley, Thoa. Prendereast and
W . < McDowell
Minutes "f la
K«y
A
I
pasMU
Ileail Ollier, • Montreal,
<luy
>1. mI>. r« present, Mi McFarlane; <¦¦!¦¦
Hudgins, JHines ituhinson
(4 fi OK V BVUN I M. IINNIK
General M.meger .. . Manager

PORTAGE DU FORT
Brandies •
IN* ONTARIO
K et wattn.
Kemptv II-,
Mittawa,
Ottawa,
'lu hâlikSt, lt.-ufn-.v du Rideau St, Toronto
Vitokleek Ili",
IN MANITOU A
SIIAXV VILLE IIIMXCII.
!
“ The ht s
F the season!'’ was the un* fang read.	aninmim verdict of those fortunate enough
Moved by coun . John Smiley, seconded b» b0 Hhle to crowd into the concert on hy coun. H. V. McDowell, that the min Wednesday evening hint. It was « great utes of last meeting as now read ho and '-'oncer in every way; great in the variety arc hereby continued. Carried.	and excellence of the numbers of the pro
Moved by conn. Thos. Prendorgnst, K*uni, great in the pleasure which the Accounts opened for amounts of one dol* that Mayor McFarlanu he and is hereby audience took from each item in turn,
appointed Mayor of this municipality for great, in satisfaction to everybody,—nud-, the ensuing term. — < a tried.	ienve, pet formers and promoters. Those
Moved hy cmu Tima. 1 hendvrgast, las* should huruly he satisfied, for “stolid* seconded by conn. John Stewart, that the i»g r<»om only was the order before the j Question ol winter roads be and is hgreby concert had fairly begun. All Portage laid over until our next meeting when the was there, and Shawville, Bryson,• Ren t Council will have legal advise. — Carried,	frew and other	towns	were well repre
i Moved by conn. John Smiley, second -	^dcd. bi'h	of the	twenty-two mini-
ed by coun. John Stewart, that Mr. hers of Die appended program was so .	,	....	,	,	-	llorsetield be paid #1.00 for work with worthy of all praise that it would be use-
Reserve 1 seat piau will >c open a Mr. r„ai| maker.-< arriod.	less for me to attempt to specify. The
’ *	K||»V Htlure t,n 5 P- ,.h.urs<V Moved by coun. W. < \ McDowell, see- members of St. George’s church are par-
for those who have not Jet pun ,ase,[' | ended l»y coun. Tims. Preudergast, that ticularly gmteful to those who came from bily n few left, hirst come hist sci\ed. tjK, tract with John Cowley tor cedars a distance to kindly assist
What might be called a large congrega- be and is hereby confirmed,—Carried questk have already been tendered for a re-tion of young people and others, assembled Moyed hy coun. VV. A. Ilodgins, sec- petition of the concert in the neighboring in the	Methodist church	last	Sabbath	ev-1 ended by coun. James Robinson that	village and we understand that Campbell s
cuing	to	hear	the sermon	by	Rev.	White-	coun. John Stewart he and is hereby in- is the next	town,
aide ‘for young people/ The text taken I atructed to go to Ottawa and take advice was “Let no man despise thy youth. It on the question of winter roads, whether was considered too large a subject to do they can be opened <»r not. Carried, justice to in a short time, so trie sermon Moved bp conn. Thos. Preudergast and was ‘to’ the young and the subject will be seconded by coun. Win. C. McDowell that taken up again in the near future, on which we adjourn. —Carried.
of
young people, an intimation of which will be given later
'
Money Ion ne J on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought find collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Al xMivtria, Aniprtor, AxHimorv, Ur« cbrldge <V»r1eton
l.nuark, Firry homil IN nibroke, Rat Partage,
JiAWkesbunr.
Smith'* Kails
I)a,‘V
Winnipeg
'
We are now opening up for
P* litige La Prairie
IN QUEBEC ;
IRis and upwards and Interest allowed
A M. T 10 A >1 TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Office Horns
Hatukdays .
U.M
Hull
Montrnl
utm In V , Nvw : ik of Muutn-al.
Agents il: Ht. Paul Mâchant* Nut. Hunk.
in London, Eng.—Purr's li.iuk Ltd
I. '•Vciitr*.
it
V
SPRING TRADE

New Prirçts,
New Ginghams,
New Shirtings,
New Sheetings and Pillow Cottons, New Cottons and Tickings,
New Linens and Towellings.
“ High Loaf '
'™d Do,1‘
PONTIAC
:
BUSINESS
Several re
COLLEGE
(0M6A COMMERCIAL ACADEMY) fk Now open in the Town Hall in «4 the Village of lilt ym»\ for the 7
study of Commercial Subjects, * Shorthand (in English and 'j French); Typewriting, English and French. No pupils progress depends upon that of another. There being no classes, students may enter at any time.
For f ill l'arü'Mihr* apply t->
l‘< >N 11 AC UC SIX KSS COLL KG K,
Ur veux, Que.
PlIOGRAM.
v# Hurt. Mrs. Hack and Miss Thom Y* A wiling So ill:. Village Hoys. In ht ru mental Music, Misses Hu troughs and Knox. Solo. Miss Hruhazon. Recitation “ I' inegan Rev. Mr. Baldwin. Solo -“Hock a Rye Lady " etc., Miss N. Me Fcct'Ts. Piano Trio, Miss L. Rorigins, C. Thomson and J. Me Feelers. Song “ Fairy Bells Ringing at Dawn of Day '*
Id Village Girls. Address Rev. .l! .1. Lowe, of Bristol. Hoop Drill Village Girls. Solo “Snow Flake Fair Miss Toner.
I
son
Hi OH M «THKSON
Sec.-Treasurer
Full orchestra, consisting of seven in-1 Kiutok Eqi it\ struinents will discourse sweet music at Dear Sit the “Deacon Drama” in Elliott’ahall, Feb. ?in<l Massey settb m n 22nd. II. D. Knox, musical director

1 have visited Webbwood
Î find the
country three - mrces <>f wealth or means 1nhîk< tor Not to Blame. - School lu-1	1 *vi*lî1i«m>«1 . 1 — Lough, rocky sections
specter hi il man has shewn us the official	mines located, many of which arc
correspondence from fhe Department of 1,1 atflv* 4»|>a-iati* n, chiefly nickel and Public Instruction. (Quebec, with refer- 4”»]*1 o*i*. . _ —Heavily wooded lands for ence to the exchange of school readers, bDn K'rmg wlneli is carried on very ext on-over which n misunderstanding arose last K,u V 1,11 y	'-nnishes work for a large
summer. The correspondent shows that numl.er of men and teams during fall,
Mr. Gilman was in no respect to blame ' ^"Ber and spring, d— l here are tracts
for leading the public to believe that a «"'*« f»niiit»K and. Some sections So.iKi Mesa.-s Knox
free exchange of school readers bad been	:u i Vl ” 1 biud* but owing 4„ J* villnirr Girl»
] arranged for between the department «ml to the nature of the uhaoil the stumps I '	tied	Sere The Queen
I the K,locational Book Company, of Tor- -m." easily pull, i. In other sections the |
unto, as his notion wa, yuiLl "altogether ,:u"1 be* l,een "	•'> and is |	^ M'«lel wc "’"1 ,ms not been ''' ><*
hy an official circular fro,,, the Depart now covered with gntas or clover and iert lH,L,l>| Intense interest manifested ment, which appears, unfortunately, t„ small trees. This seems to ho a go.nl hy the children in drills etc., is not exact have been issued in a misleading form, “took-raising, dairying or mixed farming l.y conducive to interest in study.
during the absence of Mr. Par,,,alee, the '''yin'O'. Certainly the land is not all llev l{- Barringtons runaway acci •Secretary	tillable, but the mining ami lumbering on (‘unl 1,1 I hyson on I uesday loth happily
the broken land help the settlers greatlj resulted in only a few slight bmi
Ml	l	ll'.IIIV
ter in the “Deacon Drama on Thursday 1 market night Feb. 22nd, Elliotts ball. Bet tot than ever.
Hats !
î.N I KK MISSION.	i
Piano Duet Mrs. Back and Miss Thom- ‘ Our Village Minstrels.” Address,
Sweeping Brush lirl- j Vidage (fills. Solo - “ Fleeting, Miss Purvis. Recitation “ The Miss McCoshen. Piano
son
Rev. Mr. Rack gadc
F)ay—
Couiitcrsig i
Trio, Mrs. Back, M i vs Pm vin and Mis Thomson. Solo -Brabuzon. Song Lan
Full consignment of Hats just in !
Canada First Down The Shadow \ Row ('an we Help it, (Patriotic
Whitman. Soldiers of The
Miss
Very latest Styles.


am
V
J. H. SHAW.
LOCAL NEWS.
Arc you using Djwd’s Flour I
Wanted.—A good general Servant Apply to	Mrs. Washington,
The Rectory, Portage du Fort
We dont take old liens but our chicks arc a revelation; only 20c. per doz. at I mison s, Pontiac House.
f^jgr The Shaw ville Marble and Gran ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
,, , , ,	¦	,	,	, Sugar Beet Factory in Ottawa.
Had I been returning home from Webb*	____
wood I could have received authority to The establishment of a 8503,000 fac-L^Mengagr to men for lumber woods, toiy for the manufacture of Beet root .vIaI'I a \ i< iorian N* ksk. We h ive Wages 822.00 to $28. CO per month, 20 ft2!rur in Canada, it is said, will shortly received a clipping from the Regina of whom would be able to get work in be undertaken by American capitalists, Leader "f the 8th huit,, containing n the mill all summer. The same firm who are working with Messrs. J. E Ask* lengthy account of an interesting func-j wanted about 14 teams, (14 cwt.) anil with and Jas. Fowler, of Ottawa, in the A photo of yourself and best would be tin» w hich took place at Government ' teamsters; wages, 82.00 without or 82.50 interests of the enterprise. The factory in order on the 22nd. Imison guarantees House in that city on February 1st., it with log sleighs. Address F. A Hub- will bo located in Ontario, and will, it is
/ being the admission to the Victorian Or-1 baid, Webbwood, Ont., (dealer in pulp- «aid, bo capable of handling daily 500 der ‘if Nurses of Miss Maud Ottele wood.)	tons of beets. When the factory is s‘art
Daluns, (daughter of Mr. August Dalims « I believe the pulp, the pine and the V1 it will, it is said, be necessary to pay of Thorne, and a young lady well and	mine, together with the water power* arc	825<h>00 out every season to the farmers
favorably known in this locality,)and her	great factors to increase the prosperity of	t0 U4e(i f ,r t|10 purpose of feeding the
formal acceptance as such by the Lieut.-	1 the farmers iu this district by furnishing	rattle.
Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will Governor of the Province, acting in be a home market. Wlmt the country re The Government is to be asked to place be at Shawville	on	Tuesday, Feb. 27th;	half of the Governors of that institution,	quires is meu who are willing to work and	| a bounty on the production of beet sugar
Bryson, Wednesday,	Feb. 28th; Camp-	and the conferring upon the lady men-	have a knowledge of farming with a little	in Oinada, and thus the promoters of the
March 1st; Fort	tinned by Hia Honor, the certificate and	money. Many of the settlers have no	company will ensure the establishment in
insigna of the Order. Miss Dali ms li.tv-	knowledge of farming but are naturally	Canada of a great many other factories
term of	railroad or shantymun who are willing to	| for making beet sugar. Mr. 0. E. Cut
btrt is solicitor for the promoters.
t
i
Get the Best !
There is only one standard of quality in
Karn Pianos and Organs
That is the very best quality only 1

bis work
Next Sabbath evening Rev. W Knox will take for bis discourse “Shunning the appearance of evil. A n invitation is extended to all.
bell's Bay, Thursday Goulonge, Friday, Mi
arch 2nd
üüpisiâi
l'lBased 60 80e lmm>’ ehlldren l,reHent- of the interesting ,,feedings, which Pontiac people arc respectfully remind- described as unique in the history of Rood that Dr. McPhee, dental surgeon of giim, we simply close this reference to it Arnprior, is constantly in attendance at by congratulating Miss Dali ms on the his oftice, and executes all dental work distinction w hich has been conferred upon himself. A liberal allowance to people her, and in doing so feel that wo are only living on this side of the river those to echoing the sentiments of her many ...
employ him will be given.	friends in this section of the country.	, , ;*m ’ 1	*,w
__	•	stock one day last week lie accidentally
Heu» Over.—A copy of an interesting	fell from the loft, receiving a severe con
letter from a son of the Hon. Clarke, Carnival.—Mr. Ad. Hodgins w as sin tnsionon the leg which has laid him up.
Wallace, who at the time of writing was gularly unfortunate with his last carnival, No hones fortunately were broken.
with the Canadian troops at Belmont, has having been obliged to postpone it in the There is quite a lot of sickness near
been sent to The Equity for publication, first place on account of unfavorable weath- here, and the doctors’ visits arc frequent,
but owing to its length wo are obliged to cr, only to meet w ith similar conditions chiefly colds, grippe and inflammation.
hold it over till next week.	I on the second attempt to carry it out. In Mr W. (». Austin arrived up from Ot
Umpbell s Bay onTiieaday, the t, th mut. The cam i val was therefore purely a local when more allow, if any cmnos, they wil*
mmBMSSS&m
Stare and Stripes; Annie McRae, Canada. Ht mac Wodmwday on his way to U.o !" this appointment should not have'been Gents.—H. Iinison, Daisy's asat.. Dra- ahantioa, Coulonge, Crow and Height „f ignored, that it was the only county in matic club; Jas. Graham, British Soldier; Land.	“e F«vmce which olectod a supporter of
(’has. McGuire, Evening Citizen ; and aev Mr. A. Johnston, representing Messrs, the Marchand government hy acclamation, eral others who did not give in their A. Lamb & Co., of Ottawa, registered ai and the county which hiimb moat revon-
"m2 Annie McRae, and Mias Teurriff ^Z:.A%C2Ai„,in are ptwmmlnge^Mr. Gillies'chanc^a
art:
Guire were awarded the honor» in the Mm. George E Murphy and Mims Jos Tremblay has been »Ppo»ntod hush other competitions. As usual "Joe" Annie Moore were visiting friends in ranger in place of Mr. John Thomson, Douglas won the men's race.	Hliawvillo Monday and Tuesday
ESEbfll Best Tone
Best Material 1 Best Durabilit I Best Finish

sell out.
Thanking y mi for the spi for these remarks.
required

Yours
It \LP!I W. HODOINS. P. S.—Thu Clarendon people are well and quite satisfied here.
Massey Station, Out., Feb. 17th, l'KH
DON’T LIKE IT

arc
Comity Libarals Have a Grievance over an Appointment.

The following item from a Bryson correspondent appeared in the Ottawa Citizen of Thursday last : —
Bryson, Fob. 15.—The death of Dr. Aylen, who was provincial inspector of public offices, has stirred the public of this county who expected that one would hv chosen in his place from this district; the predecessors having generally* been elected from either the county of Ottawa or Pontiac. Dr. Gabon ry, the ex-Liberal candidate at the last general elections, wns an applicant for the position, supported by Mr. D. Gillies, local M. P. P., and Mr. George Bryson, M. L A. but it np-
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
N
If you purposa getting a Plano or Organ why not get the best ?
The Karn Instruments cost a little more than cheap ones but tl)ey give satisfaction and last a lifetime.
_____Drop us a card for Illustrated Catalogue.
MR. J, It. HORNER, Shawville, is our authorized agent for your vicinity. We keep him posted ns to what bargains we have in stock and have been making a number of sales in which we had to take square pianos in part payment, and are getting them ready for sale. Kindly write us for prices.
pears their efforts were in vain. Mr. 1 Dully, the commissioner of public works,
THE D. W. KARN CO., L’t’d
•>
197 Sparks St., OTTAWA

HOUSE AND LOT.

Property for Sale.
Died.—At the residence of his son John, Clarendon, on Sunday night, 18th inst, William Connelly, aged 89 years. The aged gentleman's decseae came somewhat unexpectedly, as he was up walking about the room a few hours before it occurred. Mr Connelly's death marks the removal of another of the old landmarks of this section, which year bv year fading from our vision. The remains were interred at St. John Church burial ground on Wednesday
TO BE SOU) BY
AUCTION.

A desirable propKrty on Court Street, Shawville, containing four village lots, and having erected thereon a comfortable

I am instructed by the Executors of the late James Armstrong to sell by public auction at two o'clock, on Saturday, the 24th of March, next the house and lot at Radford, owned and occupied by the late James Armstrong. Terms of sale-Caah.
J. J. TURNER,
A uc tioneer
dwelling house with necessary outbuildings. For particulars and terms apply to Donald Mclta, Shawville.
are
l
ALF. McRAK, Ham iota, Man
who has been promoted
Shawville, Jan. 16, 1900.

V
6
._________
###PAGE###2###



tiir earliest candy
ONE BRITuN
before daylight, when the mountain was covered by a thick mist, ujid w> secure the whole bill tup. As It was, H	the force was in a cramped position
In a Week's Elghting at and Near near the point of the triangular table
Solon Kon.	! land. The men dug trenches during
v	^	.the night, but, unfortunately, owing
Account» of tike battle of Spion to tiarkneae, these were badly, ait-
All tci- unted# and afforded little ehelter
against the heavy fire poured in by the Boer», who arrived in laige num-
¦¦i	.	*	al a lavra. Wlim the mist cleared it m
trooiw were much cramped on the top fouud that the 1Wh had at .east one
of Spion Hop. Preparations were gun on the hill itself, a Maxim Nmrd-
made below to secure the position, enfeidt, and probably altogether six
gun» were on the way, and engineer» Runs were playing on the hill, f'mr
buil bi'i>n ordered up to alrongtheu the	numlmrs over the hill, and
entrenchments. Col. Throneycroft lying behind the, rock» on part* of the was not aware of this when he order- kop. We occupied the highest point
ewi tin* retirement, and he actually met of the hill, but it was not flat, In'
lag rather hogback Mda» on northern elope, which was raked by the Boer fire.
WHEN PA HOT ’N1SHYATED
BRITISH LOSSES HEAVY
The most popular and the most an-oient of bon-bons are sugar plums, pastilles and burnt almonds, but how many persons know t heir history f Su-1 plums date bacn from Roman
times, for the Romans were the first 0n the iky, n vulture, gorged, yot hun-to think of covering almonds with lay- gry, Mill! To the right the ragged ers of sugar. The inventor was a wr- kopjes, strewn with white boulders tain Julius Drug,it us, a noted confec- tha( blister in the fierce South African tinner, who belonged to the illustrious hUn| To the left the veld, green, rol-patrioian family of Kahlua. lie made ljng this great discovery, wrought so much damage to our teeth for JO centuries, in the year 177 11. C.
These bon-bons, called drag iti, after their inventor, dragees in French, remained the exclusive privilege of the
Of all the niful things I've seen, the worsest was the sight When my pa joined ihe Ma-sou lodge on ’ uis hy at ion night.
I never la [fed in all my life, sense 1 tiffin wuz begun
in the middle of » he kitchen floor. The p;2 w hile 1 sot there in that room a-
eat mewed round her feet, the fire was

MDigr	i
Look up. What, do you eeef Swinging In a grim circle, a blotch
Mr#. BarkdnU eat iu a working chair
gar
Hop couiinuea to filter in. tify tu the terrific Boer fire When rein forcement» arrived, the
wfetohin of the fun,
getting lew, hut the woman eat per- Fer’ '’jaVt^af'aril Tbit" ** t,0Wn he feetly «till. Tuera wan a letter in her ^ 'ft.n "th.'V finished up the job be lap, and over it she h id pla ied her
dum near had a fit.
It v .is New *Twaa jiat the hottest hot ole time that
ever was created#
That night the Masons got my pa ter come git ‘nishyated.
luscious, hanging in a gentle awaep! The shaggy Transvaal pomes, cropping the ewect herbage, shake their heads Impatiently at the impediment of the bit.
toil-reddened hands.
Year’s day.
The hand# of the clock went on and on. Still the woman sat, mechanically
which has
It keeps me doubled in a fit Of iaffin, an' 1 won’t furgit The night my pa made eich n hit, When he got 'nishyated.
rocking in the cold room. Ordinarily, at this time she would have been astir to get supper, to feed the chickens, to make all ready for the night that was coming on so cold.
"Dig! Dig your gravel"
How the nun smite* upon the punting earth! IIow still is everything, how si lent—ominously silent and still! The man neither starts nor speaks. Slowly he sweeps hm gaze around. There before him slouch a squad of burghers, low-browed, boarded. silent.
This man lean» u|H>ni his r if Id and glowers at the Englishman;-«hat mnu squatted upon the turf look# carefully to the workings of Ins weapon; those few standing in a careless group talk low, so low that the guttural sounds rumble across the young man's
t he
the artillery coming up.
Gen Woodgate was wounded about two o’clock in the afternoon
family of Fabius. Hut at birth orraar-of one of that family a great
When iki went in the lodge room, they
ordered him to rise#
Another hour passed. It was near An' they tied hi' bauds with rope and
twilight- The fire w is entirely out ;
the cat had curled itself up on the very hearth. Then came a sound of wheels
n.-igo
distribution of dnigati took place, us gn of rejoicing. The custom is still
observed by many of the nobility of Europe. The pastille is of far later having been invented and in-
Eve n
FIERCEST FIGHTING
The fiercest fighting was from P right, and had to be held down on <0 jj 0vlOck, during parts of which
time our men were nearly forced off
the hill. However, after our guns had Ml Inrated and temporarily silenced the
A despatch to the Daily Chronic...
dated Siva r man's Camp, Jan. J7,sa>s hjIJ HppmP(| mer. Unfortunately that during the fighting one of the Mfijor-Goneral Woodgate and bis side
lying were both wounded, end the command
Prone on the ground
cleanly decapitated by a shell. I ne | ^ thp (lay more, reinforcement* con-headless body rose, stood upright for j tl„UP(i arriving, and ni there was no a few seconds, and then fell.	J room for a very large force on the
then he protested that he was all
bandaged both his eyes.
An’ though pa make a orful kick, they tol* him that if he
Intended, then and there, ter take a Mason’s First Degree
a k
the stretcher
TOOK 11IS HEAD OFF
Tiny stopped, and
along the road
there were cheerful talk and laughter, He’d got 1er quit his kickin'; then they
P™"»'"	A.' w%^d'hr%nd:n'%nd. by
a heavy trunk deposited on the porch. | Jinks> tt ni i 11 ion times er morel Sti 1 the women did not move, although And then they pulled an hauled till pa
w u.' mighty aggri va u-d An axed if all new members wuz in this way ’uishuyied.
origin
troduced into France by an Italian confectioner, the Florentine John Fast ilia, a protege of the Modiois. When Maria de Medici married Henry IV. of France, Fast ilia accompanied his sovereign to the French Court, where his bon-bons had a tremendous vogue. Everybody wanted the Florentine’s pastilles, and, strange to say, they were |Perfection fnun the very beginning. He made them with all kinds of flavors, —chocolate, coffee, rose, violet, mint, wine, strawberry, raspher, ry, vanilla, heliotro|»e, and carnation, Burnt almonds are purely of French
while
Lancaster Fusiliers,
the cat showed the liveliest curiosity* At last the kitchen door was opened hastily and two persons came in, close-log it hurriedly against the piercing wind.
1 jist sot there an' fairly yelled, A-wntcbin how my pa rebelled; You’d think they had a mule corralled
When pa got 'nishyated.
brain, without leaving behind them any
He M‘e.s them all, and his
meaning
gaze searches the ridges'to his right. Boers, Boers, Boors, shaggy pomes _ .	.	,,	.	*. . and Boers, the glitter of sun on rifle
ss&rr. ''tZuxrtts*	—-......... ¦-
chant. One day Marshal Duplessis-I’m- guns crowning the hills. Just over
Lin, an old gourmet, sent for Lassa g ne, ij,0J}e bills, and across .the rich valley
who had already invented many a
sssr	k.™ «-«-. B.....,,	b.„-
he combined, until finally ho conceiv- dreds of his friends, Thousands of his
ed a delicious bon-bon, wh ch he bap- countrymen who would risk their lives tized gloriously with the name of Ins master, Praline, the French of burnt almonds. This is the history of the invention of bon-bons, for all others merely combinations or developments of these three—the sugarplum, the pastille and the burnt almond.
The most aggressive intruder was a young man, tall, well made and goodlooking. The other was a young woman, with a thoughtful face and
f*



r >Xv— * -
i. n.r'
They tore pa’s shirt clean off his back and sp'ilèd his Sunday coat, braids of brown hair coiled below her &u’ u0|y Moses, when they sed he’d
handsome hat.	got ter ride the goat
"Mother I” exclaimed the young man, U® daggered back agin the wall an
then begun ter pray,
An' when they let ole Billy in, 1*1 fainted de’d away 1
They rolled pa up an down the room an then when he come to,
You’d think ter see him roll hu\ eyes that pa’s bed had a screw; lie whispered that the job wuz more than he anticipated,
•please to bury what wuz left,” when be got 'nishyated.
on rop
beyond—how well the young man

glancing in dismay at the fireless stove (ho unfinished work. "Mother, didn’t you get my letter? The front and aide door* are locked. Are you nick?”
1
gTHSce.
_r%-?riec Min.
y
to help him. But theyl do not know. They are "over there." They might as1 well be across ocean in dear old
Z -
She glanced up at him with miserable eyes, ahowiug the letter in her lap.
"I got it.”
•*W hat ails you ? Are you sick ? Here is my wife, mother, and there’s not a bit of fire to welcome her. How could you ? Speak to her.”
But Mrs. Barkdull folded her hands again over the letter speak.
Tho young woman had been looking on with astonished eyes. Now she laid An' when the job at last wuz done, if a haiidp ou Philip liurkdull’s shoulder
England.
"Spyl Dig your grave."
How green and soft the turf 1 He takes, the spade firmly, casts his eye over it with the glance of one who baa been used to turning bis band to any-So few women understand I he real uinjg Leisurely he takes olf
becoming ness of furs. Why will dark, coal, neatly he folds At, and carefully
— *r r:",'T'"	tzz:
and pale, colorless blondes gray <> . ll0Uf gentility, manliness. He delib.*r-when both require a very opposite? uteiy roHa up his shirt-sleeves tar The soft warmth of mink*, the rich- above his elbow. See bow bu mus-
nees of sable and chinchilla are gen- vies etaud outl What hvalthl Sun-erally bvn.ming, and whvu they fail burul, rugged, brawuy. a true eon ot
¦P*
turns the earth; cool, rich, red,
are

An
I jist rolled over on the floor An luffed until my ribs wuz sore, While pa, he pranced rouud an' swore,
When he got ’nishyated.


THE art ok wearing furs
£he did not
;<>
hid
^IN<//ATOT'5
Dmrr
my pa wa*n*t a sight I
*'^he doesn't want me here. See how j ^et he won't furgit right off that badly she feels ?”	'nishyatioa night,
The husband’s face grew dark.	His ey,)3 w‘uz black and blue, an blood
•'That does not matter if that is why , \vuz rulinin' from his nose, she acts so. This is my hume and They wa n t enough fer carpet rags your#. We have a right here. She * |eft 0f bl8 Sunday does;
must welcome you.”	And when ma met us* at the door she
Again came that soft touch.	e a orful shriek
' Give her time. She is shocked and * q* ytuod a-sizin' of pa up, too para-can not get used to the idea. Don't	lyzed to speik
say any harsh words. Let us build a %ut when she axed pa if he'd bin way-fire and gut supper.	hid an 'sassinated,
Tho man was sorely hurt. He led the u , groaned an sed, "Ob, no, I've way to the inner rooms, and present-	just bin nishyated 1”
ly unlocked the front door and dragged	J
in tho trunks. Afterward hu came out and, without a word or gl.iuce at the rigid form in the rocking chair, he Too "stiff made a fire in the stove and put the teakettle on. Before he had finished the stranger was beside him, her bat and cloak removed, a large apron tied over her dress. The cat jumped down and purred a moment about Philip’s legs and transferred her attentions to the young wife.
in m.svrable silence the old woman sat in the rocking chair and watched them moving to and fro. She had never seen a play in all her life, but this mat]e in the south of Italy for the Gap- ed seemed t>> her a living dream before her eyes. The fire cracked and sputtered, the teakettle boiled, the cat
purred lier sou, the pride and stay of These people were, they say, the first
her life, went here ami there, showing who painted their faces, this they did that si range woman where this and that was kept, lie spread the cloth
himse f, hr helped carry the dishes, he
made the tea, he helped	place the food	relates	that little	Cyrus, when, he
on the table. Was this	her baby, her	vlslted	Astyages,	his grandfather,
boy, her son? He was hideously unreal whose eyes were framed m blue paint sadly real. She was seeing an entirely aud who wore un enormous wig. threw
new side of his nature.	himself on lus knees ami cried
The newcomer was no awkward motber whal a beautiful grandfather hand. She cooked eggs and made crisp 1 haver Aglain, a maid of honor, toast and opened preserves. Philip	ti0	8trUck by	the appearance cf
brought and sliced the	cold pork left	ol(1	gemleman	that >he remained
from yesterday. The old woman, left a ^ AM>ages as a slave, vague regret that there was no cake,	Phoenician women, who were
mmm mmm.

a

EWARTS AOP
7
\
Z

3
V\ isSPniH^1
over
ouU upon the groe grass it spills.
The sturdy, shaggy Boers watch him narrowly. They know a man when ,	,	, .	.	m. .....	i they t-ee u&.e. Aud here stands one.
„	, ¦TT'cttlany handsum -. These little purses Tu, burghers slowly, noiselessly get
hill to manoeuvre, tb-e made ine loss aro al>0 s.-vn in alerting silver «nil in	tlje,r leel e,raigblen their
ul life greater wnliout iucre^mg the Bieel. The eleel are handsomer than Moulder* and stand in single hie. security of the position. Col. Thormtf-	the «silver, hut. of course, the	golden	.	r,cie-bUtts on	Ihe	ground.	They
croft therefore decided to	withdraw	purse is fir uni away the most	gorge.	ul.ze_how	(lo	they	gaze	i	la anger,
regiments alter dark. Mean- 0us of them all.	*o	In	hatred!	No.	In	contemptl
-There has been a long train	of am-	while préparations for eecurm* the	---------- No:	no.	Then	with	pity?	No.	Tbs
iss. z m* &%%% sysness rr "T“ r 7„	EZSEfSS
The Lancashire Brigade suffer- ,ievrs had been ordered up to super-	Ma,watch,n. on the borders of Hus-	Anyone can read their
who lived in Apulia, aud were 6d the heaviest losses. There was no vise the making of better entrench- gia, la the only town in the world ex-	but who can, describe the g«zel
nr 11 v v ",i"j	**• sru
shot	in	returning	to	positions tney	untenable, and accordingly	ordered a	enter'M0,lg lia. All the Chinese	of this
had	held	before	they	carried	fcq100	: general retirement. This	lasted all	| border town are traders.
Kop.	' night, and was most orderly. The fa ll
"Thorneycroft's Mounted In fan ry was deliberately evacuated because it and the 3rd Battalion of	the	Kings	was considered untenable in the face of
Royal Rifles lost heavily.	The	men of	* fire, t0 which we had no means of
the Imperial Light Infantry received, replying. Our casualties were heavy, their baptism of fire, shooting and j Thorneycrofi’s Mounted Infantry b;-killing Boer marksmen and smpera. in ln the f;ring Rns all day, naiural-"Sergt. Mason, of ihorneycroft s suffered especially heavy loss. On Mounled Infantry, had a dud with Pr|d mght Major-Cen. Warren's Boers, who dn le.l four boles through for(,e retired acrosa the Tugela. Two his helmet. Mason cau ,ht t r . pontoons were used, and despite the
J- ~-Db susyjTisa's affijs:
! hen another, u ' V hnlf n bour The force is now encamped some dis- The dearest material for curtains hi
“KSSSi=	gu s$t - - - -
the comt^' m in' at the next shot ermaritzburg, dated Sunday	Last spring a large number of
killed Lis P"'.„rnist."	says:	Scottish girls emigrated to Manitoba,
TO Mono I/E TIIB FLEET.	"Coil. Tborneycroft had a narrow Qnd wit Lin six months two-thirds of
The	them were married
pay navel ca rers h< d themselves but having become suspicious, be Fruit stains on white skirts, etc., in readiness for service .ids with tne ^ | t ^ Ær commandant that he may ha removed by soaking for 48 fact that able seamen not thorough- woujd not jWr|ey- Both retired, and hours in sour milk, and then thor-ly experienced have been withdraw ^ Boefs Jjred a volley; the colonel oughly rubbing them between the
from the th^unel squadron,^ ‘ t onJy escaping in otn equenoe cf the r hands to indicate the early mobilization of *	¦	¦ ¦ à 3
the reserve fleet, especially "A” aqua-
rüai,^
A party of them on three separate occasions w Iked up to a trench occupied The Cape Town correspondent of the by ^he Lancashire Fusliliers, with Daily News says :	their rifles flung across their shoul-
“ Évidence ia accumulating H at derg and their hinds up, palhns out-something lieyond a tacit understand- ward, Loping to cm rip the Fusiliers ing existed between the Boer execu- into a surrender. While parleying tivee and the inner circle of the Afn- the first time somebody fired a shot, kinder Bund concerning whet should jnstan iy all was confusion, some of follow the rii>ening rebellion at the the Fusiliers charged with bayonets, outbreak of the war. Fully 5,000 col- while others threw themselves on oniil Dutchmen have joined the enemy. » Boers and wrestled with th m. The The Boers, however, believed that this enemy, however, succeeded in di ch irg-number would he multiplied ten-fold. jng a votlle/ and killing many of the Consequently the Afrikander Bund is ^osiliers. When the trick was tried execrated at Pretoria and Bloem- again th* British did not stop to parley, but fired on the B era. According to the same correspondent the non-ar-
GOLD AND SILVER PURSES
Pa looked jist like some orful freak An’ had to stay in bed a week,
an’ sore to move er speak, When he got 'nishyated.
— E. S. Brinistool.
Of sterling gold are the links of t he
The gold mount in parti.
wee purse
IN THE VICINITY OF SPION HOP.
A DUEL WITH THE BOERS
Bennett Burleigh cables the Daily Telegraph from Spaa r map*» Camp, The first wig mentioned in history under date of Saturday: was made out of a goat's skin ami
THE ORIGIN OF THE WIG
certain

miens
known tor the luxuries of ’heirt toilet
and they will obey.
And he?
He strikes the spade deep into the earth—and thinks. Then this is the end? Mont certainly. It w the end. The sun will awing across the sky, the muon will peer over the run ot the veld, tthe lion will come forth when the shadows of night fall ui">n the scramble of rock and launch Ins roar across the valley, but—it is* ’he end. Time ceases, the world disappears, and over there, just over there, the other side of those ridiculous bills, men of his own race and tongue swaim —they are talking of the coming fight
and1 of home! Home!
"Have you any message to send?
"Nonel"
His tones are clear, there is no Ire-
Home! Tlvmk a
with the juice of strawberries.
The Persians wore wigs. Xenophon
A PERSISTENT CANVASSER.
Canvasser- 1 have here a work-
Master of the House—I can't read.
Canvasser- Rut your children-
Mister of the House—I have no ehil-
intly, nothing l ut a cat. Well, you want something to throw at the cat He took the book
Oh
dren, trim Canvass*-
«
moi in his voice kind Heaven bis mother wUI never hear, for no one Boer known him, nn«i his grave will be ummarked. She will wait his coming, as she- has ever waited, with hope in, her heart, and she- will fall to sleep at last, strong
in the fait b of meet I gbimromeuh re. Knowing well the penalty exacted it fate threw him into the enemy's hands, he had risked it all for the good ot the, Army. Su-easeful he had been, but he was not such a fool os to imagine be must always bo successful. Ho could not upbraid hi my elf, his eyes had never been shut to the great clangor. The Boers had trapped bun—the
Boers were right.	« t#
"Enough, quite deep enough.’
He sticks the spade- upright ir, I ht turf beside the red. hole it had shaped. TJion his outspread palms on ’lie edgei of the grave, he springs to the level ground again, he bru he; Ins trouser legs free from tho red fou. down-roll a his shirt-sleeves, »1'P» on his coat, and turns towards the Boers. "Anything to say?"
"Nothing."
The guttural tones this time are rough and loud that th* lender nd-dre worn to his men. The words hr lg the burghers out of thn sem’-Miipor into whi h they hid fallen in washing the young man. And he m* gaze is fixed steadfast upon the blind-
pen try now
Hundreds of wigs of all colors.
Wigs were in vogue in Rome toward the end of tho republic, and so well made that, says Ovid, "No man Jt,ar8	could know if his wife had any hair at
And the warm down-stairs bedproom aH before she had given him an opportunity of seizing her by the trou-
ble. There were three places, one at tho end, where the cups and saucers eat, two opposite at the sides. Who would ait at the head of the table now ? It had been her place for forty
bad shooting.”
Tho Standard's correspondent de- ter of the
Lady Mary Hamilton, only daugh-
twelfth, Duke Hamilton, will, upon coming of ago in 1905, be one of the richest women in the kingil ,m. It is estimated that by that time her in omo will be actually more than £100.000 a year.
She supposed she must give that up. Philip would want her to have everyth ng Men forgot their mothers when they got wives. It was always so.
But supper was ready. The young womar walked across the floor with the teapot and set it down. The room was warm now and cheery with the big lamp Philip brought in from the best room The cat was rubbing against her in its old loving way. Both of her hands were taken hold of by a person -n eit her side.
"Come mother, supper is rsady," said her son in a strangely gentle
ses
Teutonic, peasants were the providers of blond hair for rich Roman princesses, who. loved the contrast ot its tlaxen hue with their black eyes. They
tightly curled, .of any color, and they kept the' beautiful fair ones to receive their admirers at night. Messalina had a hundred and fifty wigs to disguise herself.
penally "A" squadron.
BOERS AND THE BUND
had morning wigs, small and
Tiie youngest royal grandmother in Europe at ihe present time is the Grand Duchess Anustasie of Mecklen-burg-Schwerin, whose eldest daughter was married
lit t le more t ban a year
ago to Prince t hvistian of Denmark and is no
The grand u hess warn thirty-eight at
the time
b" proud mother of a son
COSTLY WARDROBES
/i .-unison's birth.
Denmark’s Kings for 381 years have ¦^^^¦aineil Christian or Fred; is nor the result of ac-R the law of Denmark that l ui must her succeeded by ni Frederick by Christian. ii end wi bout the chnng-"s. in case of death or oth-evf-ry Danish Prince matter what other names he may re-alwETÉI Frederick at
voice
"Come mother, supper is ready," said a voice still gentler.
The old woman arose to her feet. Her lips twitched ; her tears ran slowly down furrowed cheek#. She allowed herself to he led to the table and installed in her old seat before the teacups
Elizabeth Pet rovna, Empress of Rus-
all been erick. olden: t hat Vh: i Frederick To at tain I ing of nan
daughter of Peter the Great, had
i
eia,
11	00 dn S at the time of her
death. She was generally styled the Humane Elizabeth because of a vow
I
now fontein."
f
SATISFIED WITH NURSES
Field Marshal Lord Roberts author- rival of the naval guns on the summit
here he is perfectly satisfied that ev- ity. erything medical skill suggests for the benefit and comfort of the sick and wounded has been done. He is satisfied the home authorities are sending out all the nurses who will possibly be required.
HELD BY BOER PICKET.
When Spoin Kop was taken it was only held by a small picket of the enemy, who were surprised, probably expecting our left to attack. However# owing to their wonderful mobility, the remainder of the hill was soon held in force. Had It been possible It might have been advantageous to push forward during the threat h urs
she made never to inflict capital punishment during her reign. She was, however, extravagantly luxurious, as
shown by her having at her death 15,(100 unused dresses in her wardrobes. She died in 1701, in the twenty-first year of her reign and the fifty-third year of her age. Queen Elizabeth, who reigned in England from 1558 to 1003, also given to extravagance in the matter of dress, and at her death left upward of 3,C00 dresses, all of them fit for use. and having been occasionally worn by her.
er reason
no
DISCRETION WILL COME.
What Is a flirt, asked the small boy.
A flirt, replied the old bachelor, "is a pretty wiman.
But what ki/nd of a pretty woman, persisted the small boy .
Any kind of a pretty woman, answered the-old bachelor.
Well, how pretty must ehe let the youngster insisted
Oh. pretty enough to have a chance to flirt," returned the old bachelor, irritably.
And still the bo/ was not satisfied, but as he grows older he will understand it better.
indu les Christian and ng them.
mg run—-
Crash HI
FACTS AGAINST FANCIES.
Americans are wont to boast of the growth of their cities. Since 1870 however, Berlin has overtaken and pas sed New York. In thirty years, Philadelphia ha* gained only a half-mil lion sou Is. while Berlin has gained r. million. In 1875, Hamburg and Boston had nearly the same number of inhabitants, while in 1890 Hamburg bar! almost 570,000 to 448,090 in Boston London's rapid growth, as is welt known, fs of course unequalled.
Idleness enemies o has
one of the greatest As some one
r
The city of New York annually Pjyj
to every hbnd
said— din devil tempts other men, but idle men tempt the devil.*'	n
Do not envy ibe idle man, whoever P? you may envy. You may have too “ „ ®
al*»u , ani has to fall back upon him- the greatest consolations of human ;p'f . 'Hie passions of human nature p. f have often thought what a 'uea.c oos. in idle men. and wander melancholy world this would bewith-ovor forbidden places seeking what out children, and what an inhuman hey can devour —Dr. James Stalker. world without the aged.—Coleridge,
£10 ill gold in one sum
who ha8 been resident a year
metropolis and who has no
occupant of a city ins'i,u,l"n
was
Genuine good-breeding Involves the
sort of right feeling that makes It impossible to be otherwise than po-j lit e on all occasions.

L
:
###PAGE###3###
^pointer, which I was compelled to do, having nu kuite. I got the dummy bitches adrift at lust, and with one of the rough oam gave our frail craft a vigorous shove off. Flsie staring the while at the huge hull with di-llating eyes and drawn while fare, looked down U|*>n him he moved Presently the Blitzen seemed lo mlii/hllv. In a moment, forgetting stumblj; a wave upreared itself out everything else, I waa by his aide and of the .smooth bright lies* of the placid CHAPTER IV	bad lifted hi* head upon my knee. He sea and embraced her bows, drawing
¦
ë- —" a#	EE SEE"
«sfc, siK/, ::t ESEIE *r a.* sns	I'ura
deafening. Rapidly the howl of the ? ,- u' ! : , w;,h it a dim antivi-|by ‘he steamer where I was being wind moderated, although the vessel • 8 . tou mjght expect to well treated, and in due time reach-still tossed and tumbled about in fran- IV ,	to AWirt confronting ?‘«l England again, a step nearer to belie fashion, until iny anxiety to see	moment ; but in this coming a full-fledged set man .
-y *- » *“ """
bhP$ fmmmi
a slick was standing except the three h| her fuCulties which are our pecu-jagged siuinpe of the lower masts; h * lJ0,a(lsai,l„ are H0 uumt>ed that the bulwarks were .tripped from her lhe/ ive no definite assistance to the aides for the.r an Ire length, the organism, the animal needs of the houso on deck had clean disappeared, "	, inaiinctively asserted them-
and everything that could be torn wives, and thus saved I ha entire man from Us fastenings about the decks woman from madness or death# It bad gone aiso. It was a clean sweep. t Burely u. onH „f the commonest A cold shiver went, through me, such uf ^periences, although seldom form, as one might feel upon awakening to u|al^ in ao ’many words. At any find bis house roofless and all his	lhi„ wttl nvw the case with me.
household goda exposed to the glare 0nMjual|, th(i faoi that I was parched of day. Hut the sky was clear, the wJlb ^|r8| became the otic conscious waa going down, and we were at l l tfai and without thinking a lout afloat. A great wave of thankful- . 'i(hout any definite idea even, 1 ness came oye, in', sud.lenly checked (	, myHe|f on my feel, swaying
by the paralysing thought that per- d B,a„ 'rjng as i erouged the bare haps we had sprung a IraX I stood deck ,^' bere the scuttle-butt used Blill for a moment while this latest lw lashed. finding it gone, 1 stood fear soaked in; then, bracing myself ^	staring at the ends of
up to learn the worst, l humed	f«ir-	)|asbjug8 that had secured it, with	The time a telegram needs to go
yard to try and find the lud	a dull, stupid auger of disappoint-	froui London to Alexandria is 20 min.;
the well. But it had ««‘J. »mong mt.IH then I began to think; I had lo j;omiwy about 1 hour, to Pekin 2 the rest of the carjam e - g •	to. for my need was imperative. 1 re-	hours, and to Melbourne 8 hours;
the deck-house, and 1 was obliged	to	membereij ,bat You Sing had brought)	The British soldier is the best fed
ill IB B* 111
strange sound on deck, and It made • u. , offered her some water. looHe clothing m cold weather. Loose class, which he, is not slow to satisfy, me almost helpless with fear. For |^^d at it dully, as if unable to garments are always warmer than The maximum fare from Cape Town it sounded like the singing chatter of ‘itUcti any |dea to it ; and it was only light-fitting ones, not only because lo liuluwayu is the reaped a We little Chinese. We sat for a few moments	repeatedly rousing her that 1 they allow room for circulation, but pile of fc 92.25 which is ai the, rate of
as if suddenly frozen, listening with managcd to awaken any reason in her because they permit of a layer of Ou per mile. Bui there are other and grc>WLDg.
every faculty, and hardly breathing. .	^ mind at a,| jn the absence air between the skin and the outside : üregular methods of travelling on -Transvaal stores are always pro-
Then, ghost-like, You Sing rose, and ^ a%^ 8^ch compulsion 1 think she world.	Cape railways that are, however, not	wll4 jams, olive oil, and small
taking the two of us by the ai ms, wou|c| ^ave just sat still and ceased to	The coldest inhabited country ui>-	only countenanced by the authorities,	ba.sins.i The people prefer drinking	Rornaday estimates that from 1820 to
gently persuaded us into¦ one or ie i^, painlessly and unconsciously.	. ^ th|1 yrovince of Were ho-	but have a spcolal scale all to them-	their coffee from small basins instead	, 1^5 five bufialo expeditions went
rU	»»r;;»
Noiselessly he f «	•> a üt tir» more briskly and to notice savant passed one entire y*r in t in repl a coei or goods train, he» can have h M take omce a day.	five expeditions, of 7.j0 carts each ,kilL
«hv», ïï. & ;ssî.ï£ïS	srwr %5rut^ssri...
bion of her, and berefi her of In r o n . wag aa dangerous us so many ^(.«cllst."	bacco, and literature, with perhaps a ft	saddle is that were they in use arm 0£ vxtei min itors con iated of (XS
grace of mastery.	rocks would have been. There was	_	irapauling in the background against ^ England, horse exercise would go (.arlHe 7<Mj half-breeds. 200 Indians ,t0()
A confused thudding sound reached urgvnt need now for thought and ac,	rain, there are men who declare this out of favor.	. horses 200 oxen, 400 dugs. The inuvo.
us from above as if caused by the pet- tion ai80. For there was nothing of	THKIR OWN FAULT.	is the finest way of travelling on ..A], gtrgekcepers when stocking, UH.nt8' ng,in<L the buffaloes in Ne-
tering of bare feet on deck; but there a^y kind on deck floatable. Bouts.	ensured as a ael-1 car,h-	,	.	,,,	lav on plenty of bamboo for whip brask, were often made by 3000 people,
were no voices, nor, indeed, any other apa^ hencoops, all had gone. A thou- Many a m in 1.	As to the speed of South African hb ndlee. and a ouriotis sort %T has- and XH <iapb man killed at least 10, 20,-
noises to give us a clue as to what gand futile thoughts chised one an-	fish husband when he is really Iraid-,	,TainS| a good idea, will be gained	k(M mrvde bv the Kaffirs to carry the	(g)0 buffaloes bit the dust. In this
was going on. Very soon even that oth<,r through my throbbing brain, but	,	responsible for bis fault. There are	when R b* said that ihu fastest long-	beer.	way Indians, as above, killed, it is es-
ceased, and we were left again to the they rnn ,n circles that, led nowhere.	constituted that they spoil d;»tauce train is that which runs be- "Although Boers profess to regard t.n.a.ed, G52,(>hu buffaloes,
dumbness of our surroundings. I ne There Heemed to be no possible means I w	u,i|hin tl|Hir	lWeem Cape Town and Bloemfontein, thpÎT merlii>-al men with great vener- , ,.,.ro were living at th L.o Gov-
child went to sleep; and I, afU‘r V ' 0f escape. Y el .somehow I was every living 8	and performs the long stretch of 754) a1b>n gtill their mode of life, mon- ernment census, made eight years ago,
haps half-an-liour of stramml Umic - not bopeless. I felt a curious reliance ince by over-indulgence. One ot ih.s	m bourHi or an average pace 0|f>ny 0f diet, and a baneful habit of 256 pure-blooded buffaloes in captivity,
tug, felt that I coud bear tms con- upon the fact th.it we two small pea. t ao overwhelms her husband by of bareiy 21 milas per hour. From doing tightly the windows and doors the last iA the untold millions tbit ditioc of things no	|01 1 a pie bad come through so much unhurt	that he accepts his rule of Cape Town to the recognized Trans- of thejT ^Irkping apartments, which covered this continent during h*
EÜMË5 #### :
*¦¦¦*
before, [ believe ,hla ‘.rnr"^a'	now ho low in tho waler that my jo.	this, end 1 *p?il‘nt ;nf“u„	La 10 be performed much under 17	Zu!u<	in gaudy cloth,.
tsn	^r? r -r.-rst 5.x
Mtenumbend and	^n"^	tbE'llood"'! ',b% b%	'end	BliMbelh 'ruTu de^rai^^lnw-L	^	'
mmm	ggmgg
the after-batch ay .	tbel^ e motion 1 It wis like the death-throe	-?- ^'trifle ovezr 14 miles an hour.	“T do not know of any Boer run
naked and deaa. ^ k	the of a man—a physical fact with which fphe erea of the Transvaal v 119,008 j The |ongeet direct railway run in	a store ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦ |
hodt,;,‘, ^ , hL T ending Close to of late I had been well acquainted. wiuare miles.	South Africa is still, of course, the* :	"Ris ménagement of a bullock team
SHV;- uvffse 53	izi; jrjxsi .-jstis.is:	tssr x"'x.x,r s
«..hi.,... gy-jg ^jrssg ,s cv-........	-w
friend| again, lay i ou o'=g	*
MOST WDIDEEFDL GROWTH
AfiEUOW ALMOST EXTISCT
better part of n fourth are consumed. Naturally a few sandwiched in the pocket will bared y suffice for this prodigious railway Journey, and refreshment facilities are provided on a generous scale,. On mail trains the passenger may have dinner served from the train kitchen piping hot, in excellent style, and at a really moderate hi riff.

$
YOU SING
l
KILLING THE BUFFALO
RAILWAY TRAVEL IN SOUTH AFRICA
nil

Keiuon» Wliy Hie Nolile AiiIiumI Whlrh It ou m mI Hu Vial ii* ul She W«**l In Va»l Herd', I* Mow Seldom Seen.
One d the most oxtraordin ;ry events that has characterized the last
Mol So < Iiea|i «ad i omforl hie m* Our
Here llmlern Sy*leiu*.
<*es
The growth of railways In South Af
On ordinary trains the
rira of recant years ha» been a won- shilling sandwiches, which ran he got
di'rful and lancinating min, Hlnvwt "ar '	' ^ much' ^"'windwlc.b. b“lf lb,! tiresenl cenl ury is the ex-
equalling the. mushrooin-like progress We know one. here ; it is a veritable termination, the wiping out, of the of many of her towns. So recently a# dinner Iw,tween prodigious slices of American tison or buffalo
the year 1890 if..- railroads there, if bread. If you in not so easily satisfied, you may order a sumptuous din ner by wire from anywheri o route were si riel ly com fined to English col- j and you may depend on the train be- were alive with bison, and in cross.
ooies. Until that year the Free Eta- ing stopped to enable you to lake for- ing at places 1 bad difficulty in avoid-
nf h	the
guard will, if necossary, slip along to , the hotel for it and make no charge mountable prejudice against th# iron for his trouble, though needles# to 1,1 thirty years they would h ive be-
horse, much as tbe up country Boer
i
m
I
1

l
"lu 1K70 and Inter," said an Army officer to the writer, "the plains
we except 1 ho single line running to
I
»
ing them, bo vast were i he herds. If
ters, TrnnavalJctra. and Boers genvr-
any one had told me then that in twen-
ally appeared to have had an unsur
say, a tip will not c orne a mina
corne, almost entirely extinct, 1 should
have regarded t he statement as that of an insane per son.'*
This grit ml animal, that is to-day re-
scoffs a I (up to very recently at least) the utility of cannon inevitable reaction net in at length, and their dislike and doubt turned by rapid stages into» rcvipect, and from respect to enthusiasm itself eloquemt example of this is to be found in the Orange Free State, that shapely country being cut into halves by a great trunk line, and when ti e projected and already prospected lines Intended to radiate from it are opened there will, Irrespective of the llar-rismith Durban railway, be some half score of railroads branching across country from the parent track. The Transvaal itself ere another century ih out of long clothes will be a veritable network of railways you may go 300 miles by train up or down the "Republic" and considerably upwards of jf(M) cross-country.
Travelling over South African railway systems, already affords a magnificent amount of "life.," but from the nature of the country, and per-uaps also the liberal lines on which the rolling stock is built, the speed attained is not calculated to terril y the passenger. The engines, too, have a way of getting puffed out that occasionally gives the traveller an opportunity of
STRETCHING I11S LEGS.
Hut the
l
IN THE TRANSVAAL.
r
presented by a few individuals, form-M h ope i re kep# Wnelly hy (innimi *n<1 wly ranged in million fi in the A 1 ntic seaboard to the Gulf of Mexico,
i
i
Hr.»l«in«‘ii.
One
The peaceful pursuits of
com
fi "m I • s to <be Gre it Slave I «, merce are ipt to be so disregarded in and l8 far vv 3 aB Central Nevad time of w'11 that no one bee pans-
I
As to their numbers, they were ike ed consider what effect the pres- ,b„ MlridH (,f i he, sea shore and the ao-
ent c-m/lict in South Africa will have counta given by those who hunted cm the traders in the- Transvaal who then twenty or thirty years ago today seem like v igaries of a diaorder-imagin ition. Colonel Dodge, in his
i
run what are called I lie stores In the opinion of the authority p<j whom IV W consulted on this subject the struggle, however it ends, will be a disastrous thing to the etorekeep
memoirs states tint on one cocasmu he rode 25 unies in Arkansas, always
being in a he id of Lufluloes, or many small tiA-rds with bu
era
small sepal al-
he sayv "the
If tho Dritish win,
ing strip between them.
This herd observed by Col. Dodge
Already
country will b» at once opened and as settlers from Europe would was liter found to be futj miles wide,
not tolerate, the old-fashioned stores and to occupy five days in passing a
given point on its way north. Trom a high rork, from which point ten miles dis"ant could be seen in every direction, i he earth seemed tu be covered w i bison
rate est unite of t be numbers seen would be impossible; but Mr. if orna, day, by , conserva Live call ul . U n, e
pofwer of custom and habit is won- lima tes tbit Col. Dodge mud have
derful. Go where you wUI il i* ihe wen f.mr hundred ;rnd eighly jhou-
I sand, and that th herd comprised
doited all over the Hooge Veld, they will have to make way for the up-to-date shopman from Britain.
"It la remarkable how various coun-
i’o make <n a cru
tries get accustomed to certain manu factures and modes of buying
The
ITEMS OF INTEREST
same
v MILLION i Ui LALOES
UALt
If all the mountains in the world
were levelled, the average height of the land would rise nearly 250 ft.
To-day more than 80 ]>er cent, of the
cost of the world’s Governments is caused by wars—past, present, and prospective
Russia’s Asiatic possessions are
When 1 was in India, the brandy
A train un t he Kaunas Pacific road in 11. i e in 18U8 passed between the tinned provisions, and Ailsopps the tow ns of Li worth and Sh« t id.m—one
hundred and twenty miles—through a continuous herd of but.ab e-
Ex.'diu.ws’ Coward supplied the
was
ale
They
were packed so th it the earth was 1 black
was stopped.
on the veldt without much risk of » train ing hi, ucqualntanceship with the train. But any lack in this direction is not ai low Oil to discount the lares, lucre are three tegular ways of patronising the South African railway,, viz., by travelling lirai, aucund or third class, the last named being practically reckoned no class at all, dedicated as u is to coloured lad.es
1 Kaffir returning
"Ju,t as no shop in India is com sidcred properly stocked without a goodly supply of Macassar oil, tapes
and seidlitz powders, so in the, Trans- coming a in. n ce to human safeiy
.........w -	IZL'X'i
keeper LS to see that he does nut run (u |iy6 müee,^and hat
trembled when they charged we
“As a ru.e great smokers are not well imagine when the bulls are known
P."",, w ....i» out Lw ^	z
mg unlike any oiheix people m tbe |r(;vi(JU, to 1870 nearly i h. ee-qua r-
wurld, a imply adore ibua,	ters of a million bufuili.es could have
"Nollilug can be uiviv ludicrous •* been gj,ied yearly -,nd th.- herds kept to see a big y e#low-bearded e uw, |n^act Hotw many wvre killled and looking fur all the world like a gie n wah^e(| will never be known. Each am-schoolboy in his shun jacket, siiik toab however, h id a valu»- at this time Lug in Iront of twenty g.ass jars lull eaLiuiaied by Horn id ay at 5 dollars; of hLs favorite dainties, anxiously con- robe 2.50 dollars ; the tongue, 25 sldering which of the varied assort- i ^^ts ; hindquarter meat, 2 doilais; meut he shall partake of to-day.	bones, horn, and hoof », 25 cents ; and
"At last, having purchased a pound, thjs was sufficient to attract an army made up of oun.ee packets, the mas- 0f destroyers. The hides were the fedlotw with the self-same expires- greatest feature, and one firm in New slod you see. on the face of an Eng- ; York between 187b and D84 paid the lish urchin when making himseii j killers neatly 1,000,000 dollars, or to be sticky, will go where his horse is exact, 928,070 dull .rs, for the robes standing, and demolish the lot.	j and hides, which represents tin- final
“To describe, one Tran ai store is extinction >f the animal to describe the lot.	It is a dark and disagreeable subject
"Tbeiir owner** bet Wes su^dying to prob»-, but U is interesting to note the wauls ol the peuple, axe expect- i some of the methods of these uatica-ecl to buy from them all the wool of al calamity-makers. A band of bait-
».	i «gS'iBarsfst'is
M	engaged in the sport, out of wlm h
about 30,000 animals were
lid more than once i he i ram i he bulging m.as be-
times the size of Great Hri-
t bran
tains ; but hold only 23,000,000 inhibit-tanta
207,000,000 subjects
as compared with England’s
the earth
ühorl of sweets
n
It is suiposed that the average
depth of sand in the deserts of Africa is from ItOft to 40 ft.
An Army officer estimates that in
sen
and gentlemen lruin Johannesburg, to Capo Towu
the century just closing no fewer t ban .80,(,01,10-1 men have in*en killed in war in civilized countries.
with hw savings will have Lo reduce ihem by	n favor of the rail-
way company. Hu* employer, if anx-tur a whiff ul ozone, will have» to
i ou.-»
disburse *58 for his ticked, in addition
sive
niprs do not
WASTED UR PARTLY EATEN
ate
f
9
WEAR AN OPAL HEART.
The "hoodoo” has been taken from the opal. Until very lately it was considered unlucky to own or wear opals, unless they chanced to be the wearer’s birthstone, and then they were looked upon as lucky talismans, bringing good luck and happines* to the possessor. The old adage has it that the opal is a wiseacre, with regard to the health of the wearer. if in ill-health the gem will become pale and dim ; if in good health its colors will he flashing and brilliant. Opals are supposed to bring bad luck, disaster and illness to the person wearing them, and for a long time they were tabooed. But all this in changed now, like the peacock feather and the Boston bean The opal if n#rw cut in the form of e heart, and in this shape given to sweetheart# as es emblem of enduring affection, Fas from being considered it Is, with its flashing of re in bos* hues,
pintes end luck

time
an evil omen,
looked upon as a type of bagy-
###PAGE###4###
AGENTS
I P«r. Moody, the distinguished
preacher of the century, Is dead. Every Christian want* a record of his wonderful lift- Our book recommended by the clergy. Demand unprecedented. Prospectus free.
LIN8COTT PVHLÎSHINO COMPANY
THE CORPORATION OF BRISTOL In account with the Secretary-Treasurer.
THE EQUITY.
wmssey-BARRis
WRRe-Reews • *
SHAWVILLE, FEB, 22, 1900.
—Dr
1800.
To Rate levied 7 mill» on the dollar on J104,615.00 valuation. $lM2 M) 44 Hobt. Lothian, roadmakev 44 Fine Magistrates Court...
44 A. W. McKochnie
gbawville.
Toronto
8
EDITORIAL NOTES
10 00
• • •
floor for old linll........
U sleeper» at Toots each
5 00
A report is going that the Hon. J. I. Tarte sent in his resignation as a member of the Cabinet on Friday last, and that he is to be appointed Canadian Commissioner to the Paris Exposition.
8 25
4 4
Chicago liljica
COMPANY
BUYERS OF MICA,
1 00
One old stove........
Balance due Sucre tan
60 41
NEW ARRIVALS
*144;.' 44
— (’it.—
A Largo Consignment
of all kinds of
Montreal Gazette:-The rise in the price of coal oil continues to worry a large number of Liberal newspapers. The thing is not what they had predicted as to arise out of their party's tariff legislation; and they would like to know what to do about
$4 30
Jan y 2 By Thus. Cooney, for cedar»....................
Wm. Emerson "	“	................
R. R. Cuthbvvtsun, meals for Council 1808 Co. Seen tary Bal. (
A. Grant, Poll Clerk one day..................
13	“ Thos. Walsh, for cedars........................
Registering deed Town Hall....................
James Killiieiut, repairs on Ragged Chute.....
bridge.................................
A. Pinlan, plank for bridge on Bristol and
Onslow Town Line.......................
Advance pub. Minutes, 18118...................
May hew and Cuthlwrtsou, tenders..............
Phone to 30th June, 18*39.....................
Harper Lothian, money borrowed...............
h “ John Duff, spec, superintendent of roads........
11	“ Advance pub. Minutes Jan. and Fob., 181*9......
Dr. Stewart two trips 11. of H................
9 18
28 VO
m oo
234 Wellington it.,
OTTAWA - - ONT.
} VALPARAISO.
W. D. HOLMES, Manager.
Kato 1898
4
1 00
12
64 00
HARNESS
1 50
Main Office and Factory • • ••
56
it
tl
1 00
Feb. 5
The Montreal Gazette points out that “the Marchand Government has promised to extend the time within which the Pontiac and Gatineau railways may earn their subsidies. Thus, in the action of the mimteters, for a second time, have their criticisms of the late Conservative Government’s course in like circumstances been nullified.”
5 84
which will be sold at prices to suit the times.
6 oo
16
2 00
w
Lime !
6 00
Mar
1
146 93
8 50
Lime !
1 00
6 OO

-I
1899. Mar.	8
Apr.	6
The undersigned desires to inform tin public that he |8 putting for the manufacture of Tl will have a supply at an early date.
150 00
On County rate for ’99....
Arthur McConnell, legal opinion.
Win. Weir, digging drain.
Thus. McNamara, 1 day valuator.
15	“ John O'Brien, 80 cedars...
22	“ T. Cotie, repairing bridge at mill.
B. & J. fund, 1899..............
S Smith, Mayor, attending t\>. Council
Phone t" 31st Dec., 99..........
Liberal newspaper m the country. When I Sep. 26	“ H. S. Drysdalv, 2 road scrapers.
* %»*""	S''-; ! N..:::::::
proof that the charges are false, Liberal	gO “ Bal. Co. Rate, 1899...
newspapers cry out “Why does Sir Char- I	“	“ James McAya, cedars......
lea Tupper talk about himself?"	| Dec. 4	“ Robt. Lucas, for cedars....
“ W. H. Lucas, wire and nails for fence, 5th con
up ft draw kiln I I imv, and that hv of the latter on hand
1 00
A few Pulpers Straw-Cutters Double Sleighs and Sloops
8 00
*
Montreal Star: Sir Wilfrid Laurier and
1 50
W 00
Hon. Joseph Israel Tarte devote a great part of their speeches to making false ^ ^	0„
charges against Sir Charles Tapper, and j ,ju^e ^ these statements are repeated by every 1 Aug. 2
ROBT. STOREY. Clarendon Front
2 00
1
12 00
25 00
6 00
BAKERY FOR SALE.
13 50 15 00 34 60 148 68
The undersigned offers for sale on easy terms the bakery shop, equipment and lot formerly owned by David W ilson, situated Piekanoek street, Shaw ville. For further particulars apply to
ADAM HODGINS
1 80
To be sold out at low prices.
42 50
on
11 82
line
18 “ John Young, 4 trips B. of H “	“ IL J. Horner, road scraper.
4 00
The reports show that between returning officers and deputies, poll clerks and election constables, 20,172 persons, nominated by the Liurier Government or its direct supporters, had to dowith taking of the prohibition plebiscite. There was dispensed among them in the connection, $197,932 of public money. There was not, in the plebiscite, much for the temperance people, but there was a good deal in a small way for the boys. —Montreal Gazette.
SMART & SMITH.
26 25
Tenders
Wanted !
23	“ Thus. McNamara, valuator ..................
**	“ John Cooney, cedars aod bolts for Quycn bridge
“	“ John O'Brien, 20 cedivs.......................
“	“ A. Alexander, rep. scraper....................
25 “ E. Graham, mayor, attending t o. Council, 1899
30 “ Secretary’s salary.............................
‘ ‘ Postage.....................................
“	“ Taxes remitted................................
M 50
5 93
9 00
20
We are Agents for
22 50 145 0O 10 00 11 81
Sealed tenders will be received by the undersigned up to Tuesday, the 20th March next, for a cheese maker for the Green Lake Cheese and Butter Company for season of 11MK), and also for a secretary. Cheese makers applying are requested to state at what prior they will make cheese per 100 pounds, and furnish all necessary supplies, or what wages they will take (w ith or w ithout board) the Company to
cheese msfcei will keep an accurate account milk brought to factory, and to ! weigh and box all cheese ready for mar ! ket; he must also agree to make cheese that will command the highest market price.
. The duties of Secretary will he to keen I all liooks and accounts* com hted with
other werk per-
The Winchester
*1442 «4	8U42 «4

COUNTY SINKING FUND.
—Dn.—
To Rate levied 10 mills on the dollar on valuation of *194,615.00.........................
Rifle
aw
BALLARD & MARLIN

« 3:


« •
The casuality list of the war, as made up in London on Wednesday, shows a total of 10,515 men, 2,192 of whom wore killed or died on service. There are 2,896 "missing, presumably all prisoners, and 5,430 were wounded. It is not a terrible list, in one sense, for four months’of campaigning against a well-armed enemy in his own country. It represents a good deal, however, to hare been expended to find out how the work in hand could not be done
furnish su lx* requin of all
unplies ed to k
The
$1946 15
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUCALL& CUZNER,
$1946 15 $19-46 15
— Ce
By Bank of < Ottawa 29 “ Bank of Ottawa.
“ Remitted .......
“ Balance.........
#943 00 943 00 12 70 47 45
June 17 Dec
the factory and perform turning to the office.
The lowest or any ily accepted.
tender not ucccsaar
\NTEI>-Hone«.t manor woman to tra vel for large house : salary $0.) monthly ami expenses, with Increase ; position permanent . Inclose m* lf-« « I dressed stamped ' envelope. MAN AG Kit, SSU Caxton b’dg. Chicago
w
$1946 15 $1948 15
Auditors.
JAMES ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake. Shaw ville P, O
FRESH and CURED
W. E. Mathew
R. R Ct'TliBERTSON.
i
Bristol, Ft b y 8th, 1900
MEATS
TO WHOM IT IV|AY CONCERN:
The burning of the ballots used m the West Elgin by election, by an oftical of the Ontario Government (by mistake it is pretended) pretty successfully blocks the ecope of the commission which) was inves-
figating the huge frauds that were perpet- eminent made in response, wo are told, rated by the tools of the Government in to the wishes of the Protestant represent conducting that election. It was quite atives in the Lsgislature—to devote one-«afe to appoint a commission to enquire |iaif 0f the fees acurueing from marriage into these rascalities, when it was known licenses to the support of our elementary, beforehand that the strongest evidence or ** poor schools’ has incurred the wrath against suspected parties was known tOj0f the big superior educational institutions of the province, which hitherto have been reaping the whole of the reven-We notice by a despatch fiom Toronto uo from that particular source. This should on Friday that the Georgian Ray canal not suprise anyone, inasmuch as one of project is becoming n grave source of un the best detined evidences of the soullesseasiness to the people of Toronto, if the ness of big corporations generally is their recent action of the mayor of that city is inclination to gobble up everything in to be taken as a fair reflection of their sight, notwithsatnding how minor inati-opinions. It seems that Toronto has a tutions may be affected or even sacrificed, pet canal scheme of its own to connect the The aim of the big institution, whither Georgian Ray with Lake Ontario, which educational or of any other class, and nc is claimed by its advocates to be a better matter how bonuied or endowed, is to ab and cheaper route than our great Ottawa aorb all within its grasp, and should any Hiver enterprise, and Parliament is to be obstacle to the fulfilment of this object, asked to issue a commission to enquire loom up in the way, a hubbup is raised at
into both schemes, before any assistance is once, pledged to the Ottawa River waterway
and if this course is not adopted it will be the highest opinio:, of the magnificent insisted upon that the same treatment be seats of learning which this province pos-accorded to the Toronto enterprise as sesscs, and regard with pr:de their high
achievements, we have also held the ©pin-
THE MARKETS.
advantage alluded to form the unquestioned status of the Ottawa and Georgian Bay Canal.
Business
Booms
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, (standard) at mill, 65 to (18t Oats per bushel, 21 to 25c.
Pease per bushel, 58 to OOv.
Eggs, per dozen, 18c Butter, per pound, IS to 20v.
Wool, per pound, 18 to 20c.
Hay, per ton; $0.00 to $7.00. Calfskins, 50 to 80c.
Pork, per 100 lbs., $5.25 to $5.30. Beef per 1(K) lbs.. $4.50 to $5.00. Beans, per bush., $1.25 to $1.50. Hides, per 100 pounds, $5.50 to $3.7: Pelts, each, 50 to 75c.
of all kinds at
Gentlemen :
The recent decision of the Quebec Guv
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
AT THi: PEOPLE'S STORE
Parkman
My Motto:
because the public have come to fully realize that good Goods and Moderate Prives are prominent elements in the nmke-up of this Store,	*
Having thus established a reputation for doing the square thing by t omers
in this groove, at the same time keeping an observant eye to their varied wants in the several lines of merchandize we handle.
hkve gone up in smoke
Proprietor.
l*rompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen, 23 to 28c.
Butter in pail, list quality) 20 to 22 Butter in prints, 24 to 27c.
Cheese per lb., 12 to 13c.
Beef per 100 lbs.. $3.00 to $0.30. lamb per lb.. 6 to Sr.
Mutton per lb.. 5 to 8c.
Veal per lb., 4 to 8c.
Pork, heavy, $6.25.
Pork, light, $6.00.
Live hogs, select $4.00.
Live hogs, heavy, $3.50.
Hides per 100, $0.00 to $7.00.
( HitÉ per bushel, 29 to 30<.
Now, while we have always entertained Potatoes per hag, 65c.
Luiqber
To turn out a class of work that will bear son with the very best; a class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
successful compart
our eus
we intend to keep right along
Sawing !

-o
Our stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date and well assorted.
I desire to inform the public that I will do
CUSTOM SAWING
J. W. COiVjBA, tailor.
at the rate of
$2 per 1000 feet, Cash.
SHINGLES cut at 80c. per 1000.
(MeArtbur's building. Main St
suns vo#.
CEO. HYNES,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
to the Ottawa canal
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
While the former may embrace a scheme ion that those institutions should nut be
which has many advantages worthy of maintained at the expense of the clement-
serious consideration, we have yet to learn ary schools, which afford to the poor man
hat it approaches in importance his only opportunity of educating l.is fam
that in which the development of the Ot- ily to even a limited degree,	______
tawa valley is bound up. Certain it is The history of %ur country schools btiA W	¦ • QUE.
that it could not possibly take the place of throughout the past reveals a record of
the Ottawa River project, so far as the neglect, of impoverishment, involving poor ^ large, well-selected and varied stock of
Furniture alwaj - on hand, at pi i, ?»
to suit all classe*.
A HINT
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
JOBS J. KcCLEART,
SHAWVILLE.
To buy well, watch the latest pri, formation in the special TRADE
The Cenedlea Grocer end Storekeeper The Herdwere end Motel Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
-	?ree
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
ces and in
PRESS
January 22, 1900,
tho Wise 1
WE SELL WHAT EVERYONE WANTS
PARLIAMENT MEETS
great transcendant feature of distance sav. equipment and ill paid teachers, while our ing is concerned, neither would it furnish universities have waxed vigorous upon the the protection to cargoes for which the princely donations of multi-millionaires, IN UNDERTAKING latter is exceptionally commendable; still to whom the thought of contiibuting a less would it constitute the much needed dollar to the maintenance of a poor school
The Cheapest,
Best and	,,—
Most Reliable If STOVE in town.
FEBRUARY 1st.
GAZETTE
THREE MONTHS
The
PATENTS
I also keep a complete stock of Limerai Furnishings, plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day ami night.
ranging from the
factor in the development of immense would never occur, natural resources which are now lying The revenue from marriage licenses is dormant and inactive, and which await in greater part contributed by the poorer the stimulus that the improvement of the class of our people, and as tho object of
PROMPTLY SECURED
A Large Stock of
Tin and Agateware
Write for our interest Ins: books " Inventor's Help" and “How you ore swindled. Send u* a rough sketch or model of yvur invention or Improvement and wo will ten you free our opinion a* to whether it is probably patentable. Wo make a special! y of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of tho Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bacheurs in
Association.	England Water Works Assoc
P. Q. But veyore Association, Assoc. Member Lan. Society of Civil Engineers.
¦—fsareysRests1
In view of these fact» we must say < Utawa alone could give to awake them | its exaction is the promotion of education, arc in hearty accord with the step which to vigorous animation. Apart from these we submit in all justice, it should bo set the Government have chosen to take in considerations, it has not yet transpired apart for the benefit of those who have this matter. In fact if there is any feat-that the Toronto enterprise has behind it contributed it and not for the purpose of ure of the arrangement that we do not the proposal that it will be undertaken and educating the sons of the rich, who should agree with, it is that, pending no addition-completed, before the country is asked to be willing to defray that expense unaided, al augmentation of the elementary school tyr ene dollar of interest on its bonds, although as a matter of fact they have grants ftom other sources of revenue, Che # then only in case the canal should been and are being very substantially aid- Government could not have seen its way
pay after its completion. Yet this ed by the wealth of others, apart altogeth- clear to have applied the whole other points of unparalleled er from legislative assistance
we
For
Always on hand
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
In view of the approaching session of the Dominion Parliament, The Gazette i»e to new »¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Three months for One
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides,
uhscribera daily for Dollar.
DALE BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Address Orders
RICHARD WHITE, tyan. Dir.,
GAZETTE PRINTING CO Montreal.
P. S.—-Call and inspect purchasing.
our stock before
--------- - -, r---— --------1 revenue
from marriage licenses to those schools

###PAGE###5###
, —
THE EQUITY,
IAS. HOPE Sc Co.
IfANCrACTCniNO STATIONKnH.IIOOKHFL yL 1er», Bookbinder» Printers, etc, Depository f me Ottawa Auxiliary BlbleSoclety,Ottawa, Ont,
G. F. HODGINS’
It is
A Big
Solid
Fact
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISH CD EVERY THURSDAY
AT «HAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUB8CRIH/ON-$1.00 A YEAR in advance.
No paper Hopped until all arrearage* e paid, unie»* by special arrangement with ubllsher,
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PU ALI % NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE loan AND HAVJNG8 CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERM*.
BRYSON. -	¦
Will he in Slmwville on Tuesday of <*very week.
FEBRUARY
Stock-Taking Sale
QUE.
:o:
That we can make the best Collar that man ever pushed a horse’s head through.......... .
We make and close them ourselves, and therefore know what we are talking about.
ADVERTISING RATES:
1-egftl advertising, eight rent* per line for Hr*t l»*erUon and four cent* per line each subsequent Insertion.
Business card* not exceeding one Inch In* serUd at #UX) per year.
Local announcement* inserted at the rate of live cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer period* inserted at low rate*, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
for
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main Ht Hbawvllle
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
Is now running in full blast !
• I
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Parties requiring anything in the above or Harness line should examine our stock of
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT !
Lnmbor of All Kinds Bought and Sold.
JOB PRINTING.
What’s in a Name ?
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commhelon Bunices* a Specialty,
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by matt promptly hi tended to.
DOUBLE DRIVING
SINGLE
EXPRESS
COARSE-FINE
LUMBER
A Great Deal when once Established,
OUR REPUTATION FOR
High-class Dress Goods, Clothing, Men’s Furnishings, Boots and Shoes is well established, and we will strive to keep it so by square deal. . . ing and good, honest dealing. . . .
JOHN A COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
0
limit*»' K- BY Pw.Ml'tlON :
Dénia Murphy, Pres. Ottvwa Trawpc rUUoL Co. F. W Avery,, Hull Lumber Co.
Hhirritf, E B. Eddy Co.
Latchford & McD -ugol!, Barristers,
John Henry & Hons.
U N. Bate & Son.
MEDICAL.
J. T.
F. M. A. McNaughtoi),
You will make no mistake in dealing with us, as we keep everything kept in an up-to-date Harness Shop. «
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIfN SMiTIf, Proprietor.
s
Graduate of McGii.l University,’
Office- Residence of the late Dr. II. II Knox, Shaw ville.
Our Fresh Consignment of
English & Canadian Prints
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
REPAIRING DONE WHILE YOU WAIT.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
The spot spot for—
F. T. M. C.
Griduste of Trinity University, Toronto; Gradua to of Victoria University, Toronto. Frllow l-y examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orner amd IUau»**cx : J. H Armatkono's Horse, MAIN STREET • • SHAWVILLE.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
is here for inspection.
All catchy patterns, heavy Cloth and guaranteed fast colors. Now is the time to buy Prints and have made up for Spring.
IF Your Turn next.
LEGAL.
Here We ‘ Are !
TENDERS FOR WOOD.
I
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
This is Pontiac’s Cheapest Grocery House
In Groceries we pride ourselves on handling only best brands—clean and fresh—and at
the most moderate prices.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shaw villi every Monday.
Sealed tenders, marked “ Tender," wil be received by the undersigned up to the first day of March for ten cords of two-foot hardwood -birch, beech or maple: also 10cords of two-foot hemlock, sound straight body wood, delivered at the Lily Cheese factory before the 1st day of April, 1900. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
and

JEWELLER
¦
1
i %

WM. GAMBLE,
KEEPS
A SELECT STCK K OK
watches.
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. &c.

A
hl'BMil
ill?

ÉÜI
nra
at
BARRISTER, &c
150 Main Stkef.t,..........Hull,
At Bbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
¦Ufllce-over G. F. Hodgliis’ Store. Main Hf.
i

•I

TRY OUR Klondike Catsup, British Columbia Salmon. Sardines,
Canned Pens, Corn and Tomatoes, California Evaporated Apples, and Peaches, Marmalade, Prunes, Oranges and Fresh Figs from
far-off Turkey, Finest Black and Japan Tea - , Pure Spices and Coffee.

mm
Bv Order.
W. W. IRELAND,
Secretary.

D
rr

Shaw ville, Peb'y 12th. 1900.

RcpAtRlSO-
a Speculttt;

r ?
FISH : Salmon Trout, Green & Boneless Cod, No, Labrador Herrings.
mm
ARTiiiR McConnell,
TTORNKY AT LAW, Main St. Bull, Que, will, at request, attend allcourt» In the-ltitrlct. All correspondent promptly answered.
Will beat •Jhaw ville first Thursday ofoacb month.
.-w
SHAWVILLE, Ç
CAUTION.
P. S.—Balance of FURS cheaper than ever.
G. F. HODGLNS.
A
\\ ways ahead for
LOWEST PRICES, ' BIGGEST ASSORTMENT BEST GOODS,in
I hereby notify all parties that I w ill not l>e responsible for the payment of any accounts contracted in my name, without my personal order.
District and Country.
R. I). FINN IGA N.
The Ontario Legislature is now in eer-mion, I aving 1 eiu opened on Wtdiesd, y last by Ilia Honor L eut.-Gcv. Mowat.
Mayor Gat era’ Liu4ion was banquetted by citizens of Ottawa at the Rideau Club ou Tuesday evening, 13 h inst.
Mr. Cl. M. Greene, barrister, ex-alderman and a distinguished citizen of Ottawe, died after a lingering illness on Wedtice-diy last.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Shaw ville, Feb’y 12. 1900.
Resignation of Lord Bishop.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
Hull, Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attended to.
Tariff of Tolls
?
230 Main St
Quebec, Feb 14 —It is stated that the Lord Biihop of Quebec has resign, d from the Protestant Committee of the Council of Public instruction as a protest againsr the cutting off of half the grants of the universities. Ilia Lordship thus follows the lead of Chancellor R W. Uenekor, of Oa scount of certain shortages in hie j Bishop’s College, Leunoxvtlle, chairman accounts, which have recently became [ of the committee, known, Mazket Inspecto;	of Ot-
luw.t has been suspended, untill the Council has dealt with his case.
*#
STOVES TINWARE, AGATEWARE, PIPES, &c.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOK

>
Proposed to be collected during
Season of 1900 by THE QUINZE RAPIDS IMPROVEMENT COMPANY, Limited
For useof Improvements.
W. W. IRELAND,
1
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner und Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally und satisfactorily.
—ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Eitcrior
Tha Georgian Bay Canal
a
SHAWVILLE
QUE.
Now on hand a line range of all kinds of.........
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs i
MANUFACTURED.
Sawlogs, IT feet and under in length, per thousand feet board measure...............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure...............
-------------- ! A tient on is again bung directed to
Andree Supposed to Have Been j the commencement of the Georgian Bay
Killed.	I cana* by the announcement that work on
the French ltivor section to North Bay
v v . « .	rp, r »! • . , will be begun during the coming spring.
W \ urk F«b. 16 -The follow,rg is The Uilectne„ o( thia route which has been
prmted here today under a London date : repeatedly referred to in the column, of “Letters received from Bishop Newnham, 1	1	-	I
of Mco inee, dated Oct. 1, Fort Churchill,
Hudson’s Bay, says : ‘Two Eskimos came
hero this summer travelling from the far
north to tell that two white men had come
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County down from the sky in a balloon, the re-
Pontiac. Sales conducted in a business-like mains of which they had seen, and had I * J
o7.dn?tï?dCukenm.anndnedLp^do1r°b7pnbl“ been murdered by some E.kuno. there/ or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- 1 believe this is authentic, but have not He sales conducted at Shawville once « had time to inquire. Sad, if this be the
aLiaiirW:' Si^vnie:1^8 OU last of poor Andree and his companion."
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT I Shawville . Que., respectfully solicits, engagements tor any business in connection with all Courts in the County, Collections m-uleandp'-omptreturnsassured
Cook Stoves, Box Stoves, Parlor Stoves,
i Cents.
B
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, & Ac,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARFRIC ES.
At prices runnin^from
the Trade Bulletin, cannot be too deeply impressed upon our readers at the present time, as it will effect a saving in die- Red and White Pine, Tnmarac, tance between western lake ports and Spruce and Hemlock, round ocean navigation of 465 miles, as compared with the Erie route, and 357 miles _ i compared with the St. Lawrence route. The distance from Chicago to
Liverpool via the Erie Cana! and New Red and U lute I me, Tamarac, York is 4,505 miles, via the St. Lawrence	Spruce and Hemlock, square
4,087 mile*, and via the Montreal, Otta-	or waney board, per thousand
wa and Georgian Bay canal route, 3,780 ! cubic feet After the Coal Oil Monopolists. | miles, 725 less than by way of Erie, and 00	307 miles less than by the St. Lawrence.
Mr. Moore, member for Stanatead has j Now it is confidently asserted by men in given notice of the following motion:— I the grain trade that within the next ten “ That though manipulations of specul- j years Manitoba will have an export grain
Court due* must be paid ! ator8 in coal oil and combinations with surplus of 100,000,000 to 150,000,000 promptly every mouth. | transportation companies, trusts and bushels, independent of the 150,000,000
monopolies have been formed which, with bushels of grain and grain products from the high rate of customs duty, has great* American lake ports. The Georgian Bay H. S. Barnett, F.s I ly and unduly increased the price of pot- canal will, therefore, possess advantages
I roleum and its products to the consumers | far ahead of the Erie and St. Lawrence - | That in the opinion ot this house the duty ! routes, as in point of diiectness, shortness, j upon petroleum and its products should I and cheapness and saving of time in _ I be reduced or aboliehed, and that means | transport, it must prove a strong cumpet-I be taken to relieve the consumers from the itor for through traffic from the head of I effect of such trusts and combines that the great inland lakes to Europe. The i this useful and important article may be | sooner, therefore, this great all-water | purchased by consumers at reasonable j route is completed the better it will be
for the trade of Canada, apart from the large tracts of new country, rich in lumber, minerals and agriculture, which the Georgian Bay canal is bound to open up.
I Al out two miles from the farm of Mr. | —Montreal Trade Bulletin.
1.1, Gallagher, Allumette Island, on which is the coal oil well, is a farm owned by Mr. R. O. Millar, formel ly a merchant of Pembroke. Mr. and Mr*. Millar and little daughter resided on Allumette Is land during the past year, but have returned and taken up their residence in List summer Mr. Millar noticed
5 Cents
GENERAL.
2 50 up-

McCKEDIE & HODGINS.
Note that :
J. J. TURNER,
or flatted, 30 feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet l>uard measure...............
Estimates furnished.
tJ- This is the place to get the BIGGEST PRICE for your I Hidss and Pelts, as we ship direct to the large dealers.
<> Cents.
G. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.

00 Cents.
Court Shawville,
No 276.

Carsrun at Intervals of twenty minutes in I he morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
AGENTS : We have the authentic life of the great evangelist Moody. Largo hook, liberally illustrated. Great seller Prospectus free.
BRA DLE Y-G A R R ETSOX CO., L t d.
Brantford.
y HE
m

Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
PORTAGE DU FORT
Clone connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
L.B.C
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
AGENTS People won't be deceived with American Histories of the war published now. as the war is only commenced. Handle our two-volume Canadian manufactured work. First volume ready soon, complete to date, thus you get j commission. Second volume published when war is over. Why waste time with incomplete books ! Prospectus free.
Roller Mill
J. A. Cowan, U R.
W. R. TAYLOR,
Hron IJoniw, C. R.
Sec.-Treas.
HOTELS.

HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
St. Lawrence Hall,
*
*»#
eee
Stevens Rifles
•9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
c
prices.
LÎNSCOTT PUBLISHING CO
Toronto.
• $
More Coal Oil Wells.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attachkd
are guaranteed to be
First Quality Flour.
AGENTS :
War in South Africa." Two volumes. First contains complete history of country and war to date ; tells about our contingents, giving names of officers and men. Second volume to be published when war is over. Only Canadian manufactured book. Everybody cancels their order for American books when seeing ours. If a hustler, this is your gold mine. Prospectus free. ! BRADLEY GARHET30N CO., L t d. j
Brantford.
J SAFE, SOLID, ACCURATE,
? 4
PONTIAC HOUsf
ti!' Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
«
D. WILSON’S,
' i
* 4
Froi
the
$6.oo « Favorite "
T to our most expensive** Ideal.”
*4	-
The - IDEAL” No. 44 is a fioc rifle. * ONE OF OIK LEADERS, price only $10. $ U'e guai <otce it in every respect. Noth-*8 ing cheap about It but the price.
M
*
V
JOSEPH BROWN,
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
ti:>•wnj
very strouir indications c f coal oil on his farm, and now it is believed that very rich oil wells exist there. Little or noth- j ChoiC8 ConfectiOUGPy, ing will be done for a month or two until the spring open*, and then the matter will be thoroughly investigated and rock drilling probably will ba begun. It is thought that the oil now coming to the surface on the Island, is escaping through crevices, in the rock, and that not a very great thickness of rock will have to be bored through. We hope that Messrs.
Gallagher, Millar and many others will reap even a greater harvest of gold than their fondest expectations can at present peture—Observer,
m
m ¦ * .?**'*-'
Proprietor.
4

FOR SALE:

AGENTS : -Chn.stinn Endeavor, Epworth League and H. Y. P. V. members, “ Light of Life " Is a treasure house of information. We need Christian men and women who desire to do good and make money to circulate this wonderful book.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON Co., L t d.
Brantford.
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
-ALSO-
Fresh Oysters,
Served cither raw or stewed.
<<
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.

I
Made regularly In .33, .36 and .32 cal‘ Ihro rim-fire, .35-20 6TEVENS, .33-40. J.3S-55 and. 41-10center-ire.
<<
l
IN SPECIAL SIZES, *12.0».	|
SiHd stamp for corner ft Catalog and
Hand Book.
To PATENT Good Ideas
MY
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,
¦¦	P O. Box 1311.
[™	CHICOPEE PALLS. MASS,
may be secured by our aid. Add ream,
THE PATENT RECOUD. ' _ - Baltimore, Md.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
SHAWViLLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL
Advertise in The Equity.
. . . PROPRIETOR
# e

###PAGE###6###
r t
EsSErSrctr^
partly cool and then pour over the fruit Chill thoroughly ready to serve.
HE IS VERY METHODICAL
spoils them. The conditions heat suit-tsvl lor wmteaiug onions are similar to those required lor potatoes, although onions will stand a lower temperature than poialoes. Unions should he kept ini a dry place with a temperature as near the freezing point as possible, without falling uiuvh below it, and not higher than 40 degrees. The red and yellow' sorts arei as a rule better keepers than the white kind. In tight barrels heeded up they are quite likely to spoil, and to spread them on earl h cellar floor will have much the some effect.

Nows i * J Ce ilHunts.
0*« Bay la» ihr 1,1 fr af Oom Vanl -An
K»rly KUrr.
At the present juncture It may not be uninteresting to record B few note» of how H • Honour President Kruger employs his time daily. U\ like oil üoer», ii a thorough believer In the early to bed nnd early to rise theory, though I doubt if this belief goes to the extent of crediting the axiomatic final the old saying carries of " healthy, wealthy and wise." Be that a» it mny, there is no Boor, and for the mutter of that few Africanders, unless those demoralised by life in larger towns, who do not act up to the creed of early hours—and to this the President is no exception.
Every morning at daybreak he is astir, and by five o'clock in summer and six in winter, Mr. Kruger is to !>• seen, pipe in full operation, seated on his stoep or verandah, and generally surrounded by his morning visitors. Indeed, this is the recognized "best" time to see the old gentleman, though he I» always ready to receive visitor» for an hour after dinner, and again after five o'clock in the afternoon.
H is most methodical and regular ia all his habits, and punctuality personified in his appointments and the due division of the day to its various duties.
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
HOUSEHOLD.
In the session of the British Parliament which began this week, the Salisbury government must expect to emeountetr severe criticism on its conduct of the war Ln South Africa. This would be the. ease even were it possible to aunoum\« that the siege of Ladysmith, which has lasted ninety days, had berm raided. As, on t he e* mi tira tty, the eifitort» of lieu. Bui 1er have thus far miscarried, the flank movement undertaken by Gen. W nr~ having ended seemingly in disaster, an attempt will undoubtedly be made to secure a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry as at present constituted. It is impossible*, huw-svtr that such a resolution can be earned, or that it can even the el feet of ousting one or two members of the Cabinet.
and It Is
THE POINTS OF A DAIRY COW.
The first consideration is that the dairy cow Is a machine for the cuu-versum of food into milk. In this retyped she* is the exact opposite of the beef breed and should show angularity, giving evidence that the food which one converts into flesh the
WHOLE WIIE XT BREAD.
THE UN ARTISTIC HOUSEWIFE.
Ilow often have we sat in the drawing-room — or more accurately, the front parlor—of one of those not aides
far fumed for
gift entire wheat, graham or any brand of whole wheat to lighten It.
in the sieve put It
If brun remains
* wi,h Hie flour if this Irritant
to the digestive organs is needed, but
it. away as it is not di-
back
whose linens snowiness, whose relentless warfare dust is known throughout two townships and whose crisp chicken and beaten biscuit deserves even a wider renown—how often have we sat In the state room of such a one and felt our spirit sink to lead as we watched the wall paper, eyed the Bt if fly placed chairs, and shuddered at the spot less tulles firmly fastened to cheir horse-hair backs; the room of a housewife perfect in her business with the single exception of the decorative And how often have we all ighed with utter content as we sat in
above rows of
were
if not thro"
on
II	should, however, hr borne
III	lllll lllllllliao( well to take
gesllble
in mind that it is
other sends into the udder.
She should he large barrelled, with a great stomach capacity, in order that she may have room in, her digestive organs to work up heavy food, as with the true type the heavier the feed, the larger the result at tlie
The neâxt iH*int is the
HOW F HUIT BUDS ARE INJURED
food in too concent rated form, and that some bulk, even if it be indigestible, may be desirable.
To three cups of scalded milk adit lew| tcaspoonful of salt and one-
‘	When luke-
l'Tuit buds of all kinds are more liable to be injured by sudden changes VtwUn by severe weather provided it tioi <itid di^n^penrs gradually.
ren
Ck till tvs
The v xI*.ana i ion seems to be that in freezing, the Hip leaves the cells and is congealed in the interspaces. If warm we it her follows quickly, this sap ferments and tlio hLossums aro in jlured, and in many cases killed. If the wnrmtmg up is gradual the cells take bark the* sap, fernmn tat Lon- does not take place and no had results follow.
one
i bird cup of molassees	. .
warm add one yeast cake dissolved in
one quarter cup of lukewarm water
and four and tnree-qunrters cups of
C0?,rS%m|lir!etWlUUrheUr IleaTaga’in
¦ greased bread pans until
Let rise again
milk pail
shape and the general character of
It should be deep and
the udder broad without hanging ta|H*'ially low, and the tour teats should be well pi need, of good sLüo luud pointing directly down. Tlio next puiut is in the Luiik venus and. lung w tails
cove i
turn into L H I t hey are half full
and bake 45 to 50 minutes in a modér-
ai de 1
H
Would it be possdble to l AS8 A of want of confidence in a Hou e
library wher
some
books were shelves holding a pictuie, there a jar, there a swaying flower;
whose table seemed
ate oven	, _ .
This bread may be varied by using
of sugar Instead or and by substituting
?ot e
of ('oiinmous where Lord Salisbury still retains .almost intact, the majority of loll with which he rvMimed of-fi. e in 18l>5* Undoubtedly, among the lTomur’H supporters there has been much outspoken censure of certain Ministerial acts and appointments,
1 he milk
one-quarter cup the molasses,	m I
wliilt flour for « |wrt of the entire wheel. Rem.iul.er m waking bread, I hnl I ho yeast l iant ib killed by boil-|„g liquid ; a temperature just under this point will retard fermentation or growth of I he cells, which will continue when l tv right temperature Is regained. Freezing retards, but does destroy growth of the yeast plant. Rough I hat is chilled will rise when warmed to the proper point
veins may De either one or mure in number, but they should bo large,
EXTRA EARLY POTATOES.
the disorder of
picturesque in t hv beauty of 8,11111 bronze lamp standing among the paliers or of some bowl of featlury grasses I How often have we sat m such a room on a sunny, sumim-t ‘ •1 ) and put resolutely out of mind the thought of the luncheon to which we were bidden ; u luncheon \uth damp napkins, perhaps, and underdone choi>8, and peaches not quite chilien a dysjiepsia producing, friendshiptesting luncheon. 7 room of a woman ignorant first, laws of good housekeeping, but instinctive decorator
However, there is no such deep if hut seated antagonism between the two nets of qualities that any woman need despair of being both, to a certain degree. The natural decorator is, to he sure, not made, and, like all the boil live, geniuses, she is apt to have a happy- OUght to know.
-lucky attitude toward many tilings Tte Commander-in-Chief gives the
t z c ....... <*«.«« ....... ^ =....
housewife, the woman with a genius my Corps : One general if.ioer com-[or measuring tea, warring on fi s sanding, four aidea-de-oamp, assist-aii.l managing servants, is fre.iuonlly t.adjulan,.generaai a»»ielai.t-quar-
fualHv	termaster-v.'iier:.,, deputy-assistant-
1 jlut both women can acquire what adjutant-general, ami depu y-as^ist-thev lack, the decorative being, by anl.<iu , rtvrmast cr-general ; , I h -* offi-stern and rigid drill and the other j bv a constant effort to familiarize ^
herself with standards of beauty and his brtgade-m ijorg	¦	I
to broaden her experience of beauty the of icer c mmand ng th.1 Engineers
-----.	with his brigade-major and aide-de-
mindanl of headquar
If it Ls desirable to hove potatoes 7 to 10 days ahead of those produced by ordinary field culture», place uncut tubers, blossom etnd up, in
poxaniiieui, unit tiie more they are crooked, the belter.
Necessarily the thighs are important, as their con forma lion determines the capacity for carrying the udder, and there are, probably, very few They .should ho thiu, as far away
Members who, im privte conversation from ihe bud typo as possible, and would give indiscriminate, approval to they should be, espeeially light cm, the
the management of the contest. ^ It “^^^nf'ro^'L
by no mvans fu low that in my Lon-	xlie escutcheon test is not
servaliven or Liberal Unionists could necessarily a true indication, but it
Ls desirable and should be noted. The length of the ta 1 outs no important figure, and the man buying a dainty ctow by such a test would/ uivet with ni» success. Among the minor teste, tLotn to that end could be so framed a rich yellow skin wiih a thin htdo
the Liberals themselves I» u-ualty an indication of a good
quality of milk, but this is not an
infallible sipn. It should be noted,
however, and the best way to make
this test iti to etxaanLne the inside of
the the ear, and also the color of the
skin on the udder.
shallow
About 1-4 the
btxxtvs filled with sand length of the, potato should protrude fr<<m the Hind. Tut the boxes in subdued light in a temperature of fA) or tit) degrees. From 26 to &) days after the potatoes lire tlms started, take the tubers from the sand and
field in the seme posith n
Potatoes
LIKE CANUTE 1 HE GREAT, every hour of the day is portioned off for its variou . work and regularly kept. As soon ns he appears on the stoep he has his coffee, which is also handed round with monotonous regularity to each visitor as they arrive.
At seven o'clock he adjourns for morning family prayers, followed immediately by breakfast. At five minutes to eight, he steps into his carriage, which is waiting for him, duly surrounded by a mounted enoort of half a dozen police under a lieutenant, and off he is sharply driven to his
office, where he remains unless during the Volksrnad's sitting and he is called for there, till raid-day.
At ten minutes to twelve the carriage is again under the portico of the foremost building, with the mounted escort in waiting, and as the clock above strikes the hour of noon, the President generally accompanied by some of his friends, is by the door, pipe in mouth, and entering hi * landau is driven off at the name rapid pace, as
the door-keeper signals the
not
the
That was
of the
ALL ABOUT “THE STAFF."
pace in a
they occupied In the box treated in this way will be considerably earlier than if the seed is taken directlv from the bin and planted in
bring themselves to take a step so serious as to
an
klfrhmrr lia» Before Him— I'anlariw « Prime RrfalOlr,
vote to turn out the
present government.
It us not even certain that a mo-
the Staff is to
Lord XVolsvley says
hit steam is to a looomo-and the Oommander-in-Chlef
the ordinary manner
an army w
as to unite
The position taken
in its support with reference to the war and the goveirnmemt'a direction of it by Lord Rosebery and Mr. Asquith on one hand is not easily to be reconciled with that assumed by Sir William Harcourt and Mr. John M or le y on t he other. Mr. John Morle«y, if he has his would stop the war at once, beam! te-
STORY OF QUEEN VICTORIA
KO
A writer in the London Quiver tells the following story of Queen Victoria and vouches for its truth queen was only seven or eight years old, she had set her heart on a certain doll which she had seen in a shop window. She had to wait, however, until she could save the price, six shillings, out of her pocket-money. At last the day came, and the coveted doll was paid for and received. The
When the
SOME REASONS FOR UNDERDRAINING.
To get the excess of water out of the soil.
To prevent the surface washing of the soil.
To save the humus of the soil.
To save the fine particles of the
mmnnd ng Royal Artillery, with
and aide-de-camp.
way
lie\ lug it unrighteousne^» puâliaimg the asMiriion that Eng
land's honor compels her to persist in wrongdoing. Lord Salisbury, for his part, is convinced that the national prestige* which is a large factor in a nation’s safety, is at stake, and, were he Prime Minister, he would prosecute the war with more vigor than has us yet been exhibited. Between viws so conflicting a compromise could hardly be effected even by so expert a bridge-builder ns Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the, nominal leader of the Liberals in the House of Commons.
IV
AHOÜ I REFRIGERATORS.
camp, th
A word of caution sent out by one tors, the prov of the large refrigerator manufae- pal veterinary surg on
to the effect that food should commis ary-gener ,1s— ne for tha c m-be placed on a refrigerator in ; mis-ari it and transport departmenia, state, as it will cause damp- nud th.» other for he ordnance—two
Food should never ehapl ina, ^an I the principal medical
This make'» twenty-five tffi-C4»rs in a<ll to wln>m are attached fif-strvants ml seventen olerka,
story proceeds as follows:
"And now, with the precious treasure ui>on her ttnn. the little lady bade the shopkeeper good afternoon, and about to step from the door, when a poor, miser able-looking object ol a
lie was standing
con
Roon as
coachman.	_
At first, for be it known the I resident hud not always a carriage, t he driver, who was a half-caste Cape boy, sitting stiffly in all the ponoply of breeches, boots, stove-piped gold-laced hat. with all the becoming dignity
marsh il, ' he prinoi two deputy
soil
To save the fertility brought up by the capillary action of the soil.
To save the fertility brought down out of the air by rainfall to the soil.
A drained soil is ready for the plow several days lu advenue of the soil
turers is never a warm
was
ness or moisture
he kept in the refrigerator without of her ice or with cover or doors closed.
Never put chemicals of any kind in
occasionally °be lashed‘wîlfa1 soap and two gvuerad -service waggon, b-lng al-water, ami then be wiped per- lowed for baggige and equipment. It
will thus be seen that part of the Sta;f
belongs to the Adjutunt-Geuer.il’sand part to j he Qu irtermaster-General's
.Ji hough both on active under the Chief of Staff.
man met her eye
but a otuple of feeu away, and seern-
not drained.	e«i as though he were going to speak
A drained soil is eight or ten de- to her altraded doubtless by the itigrées warmer and is more easily made mfC4?nl kindliness of her expression, ready for tho .seed.	and the tenderness of her blue eyes.
Is dewier, a.leaving the feuding yu( though his lips moved, no sound roots, to penetrate as deep as the tile camti fIX»uj them, to see votes of want of conitdence are htid for food and moisture.	**Ue stood aside to Let her pass—a
moved by the. Irish Hume Rulers and A (trained soil is ready to cultivate mute agonized appeal in his sunken
by a section of the. British Radicals, sooner aft ear a rainfall.	cheeks and quivering chin
i»i	A drained so: 1 is less injuriously af- " Did you wish to speak to me y
Li ls improbable that any of these an feoled hy xvet ar dry weather.	asked the little lady, staying her steps
command the full vote of the Liberal Oops on a drained soil have a Ion- “Encouraged by her winning voice,
gem season for maturity.	the poor man said, in trembling ac-
A well undeirdrained eoil will in- cents: crease the crop, productions from 10 to 50 per C4 int—*somet imes more.
A drained soil is in the Vest possible condition to grow maximum crops with intelligent husbandry.
of
A PRESIDENT’S COA< HMAN,
looking straight t olds front, used to start off the moment he heard the door hang. But this led to an awkward blunder, which ruffled the old mnT] 8 and lost the driver his Wilt happened thus. The porter, whose duty it is, in absence of a footman, to open the carriage door, for IP# H nour, was one day sent hack to t he office for something forgotten, and before the President had taken his seat, the porter naturally closed the carriage door, but with the usual bang and the stately driver, not deigning to look behind, started off at the usual rapid presidential pace, and swinging out of the portico, was joined by the gallant escort. The first knowledge that he had only the empty and closed landau rumbling behind him, was when he pulled up at the Presidency and found, much to his horror and that of the aghast sentry, who stood
presenting arms at nix The carriage returned and the mi* take explained, but the President nev-. r forgave it, and to this day, beliews it was some Rooinek’s—Englishmens — devilment. He is very touchy on any
point in which he himself figures as a participant in the composition of the
win m
fecily dry. Also pour warm water in the waste pipe that it may clear the slime that accumulated from the ice. This will keep ihd refrigerator clean and free from odor.
temper
Although, therefore, we may expect
let
department
service, are
All iniitvr - connected with th* ge.sral ef.ieieuuy, duties, and discipline of the
THE OVEN THERMOMETER.
The following specifications for using the oven thermometer have been furnished by one of the leading authorities on cookery put in at 300 degrees, keep in at SOD
degrees; meat pies pul in at 280 degrees, keep in at 240 degrees; bread put in at 280 degrees, and keep in at 220 degrees; pork and veal put in at 250 degrees, keep in at 230 degrees ; mutton should go in at 240 degrees, decreasing to 220 degrees, while beef goes in at the highest temperature, decreasing at the last to 220 degrees. The little oven thermometers may be procured at nearly all house furnishing stores in prices ranging from 75 cents to $1.26.
party
troop*, and uii the
MULTIFARIOUS DETAILS
“'1 am very hungry. I.would not ask for help if I were not ready to sink with hunger.'
“He looked famine from his eyes.
“1 am so sorry. 1 have no money or else—'
“His lips trembled forth a humble 'Thank you, lady,' then he shuffled on his way, hunger impersonate.
“ 'Stayl' murmured the little owner of the new doll. There was a quiver in her childish voice, and a moisture in her eyes as she spoke ute, please.'
"She stepped back into the shop, approached the woman behind the counter, and said:
" 'Ob, please, do you mind taking the doll back and keeping it for me for a few days longer?'
"'Certainly I will,' replied the shopkeeper; 'and you wish me to return you the money?’
" 'Yes, if you please.'
"This was done, and the little lady, hurrying out of the shop, placed the whole of the money in the hands of
the starving man.
“He was like one thunderstruck. Never had bounty rained upon him in such profusion before.
“The object of her bounty murmured low tone, though loud enough to
As to the cost of the contest, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Heach, will have to admit, soon after the opening of the session, that the figure originally named by him, £10.0 0,000, will have to be trebled or quadrupled, even if the war should cease within n month. We may look for some interesting disclosures in the course of his attempt to account for such a miscalculation.
of quartering, enc-.inping, and moving
the Army Corps, are the care of the Chief vl Staff and his officers.
ll is lucky ihat Lord Kitchener is such u glutton for work when he varied duties of the Chief of ^tuff are taken into consideration.
It will be appireut that staff-work l an d liini-trative than an
Staff officers do
Duff paste put
A CHEAP CISTERN
It Ls not everyone who can build a brick cistern, (neither can everyone build a ta/nk that would hold water. The c-ost of diggimg would bq the same im either case and the cost of material would depcaid on circumstances. J am not a maaon by trade and my first
is mur
executive ,nature
not command troop* ; they are the mouthpiece of the general in .whose name tbey issue orders. They must carry in their he ids ali importun: information about th t army with wh oh they are serving— -.uch us ihe si length,
ml .position of each , and brigade, and the names of their ^commanding officers. In action t b< y must be all eyes and ear> n i any billg remarkable mu t and one-half cups of pecan nut meat be reported wi h >Ul delay. As a large
Moisten with a SUifi is likely to attract an enemy’s
I attention, aid draw bis fire, a gener-
L ill , . al, as a rule, keeps with him the Staff '1 ht cabbage should be cu in as	whose opinion ha most values;
fine shavings as possible and th»1 cel- while two ur three adies-de-camp fob
erv m thin slices crosswise. Let both low at about thirty .yards’ distance,
s,a„d over n-ghl in cold water a..,l	r'">:‘i»ab:ul
the ce le i y would be improved if a foulness is a prime requisite in a slice of lemon is added to the water Staft- officer. The apparent contempt for the last halt hour before the salad ft>r death im, danger, so valuably is made. Ihe salad is exo tn un i- titjInu|a,jng ;n ,t regimental ofiicer, is
“«Wi " -y """ •.»«"- $s? rf&wsfiâsss
ly beaten, two and a half tablespoon-fuis of melted butter, three-quarters cup of cream and one-quarter cup of of ordering movements withou: actual vinegar. Cook until the mixture orders from the general-commanding-thickens, strain and cool. If milk is 1 in-chief “It is a matter in history,*' used instead of cream add one-half say Lord Wclseley, "that Lord Bar-level tablespoonful of flour.	ding.», at the Untie of Albuera, when
serving as an A. A. G. (assibtant-udjut-ant-gener il), on his own responsibility directed the movement which won us
'Wait a min-
er
expedience in that line was in building a cistern three years ago. This
cistern is ol 126 barrels capacity and has given good satisfaction. The cost ( except digging, and hauling material, now a new and a very practical mean-1 >N|IS aboait as follows: l wagouloads
for the little girls attending, of brakbats, $4; 1 barrel lime, about
Laundry classes, three luurths u>ed, VUc, 1 barrel ce-¦¦¦¦Jment, about two thirds used, $2.50 my
own time with helper, i hree days, each $4.504 a total of $11.V0.	There
established in various parts of the me- been a little troub.e frtmcrack-
tropolis, and, according to the annual i®g, but n bit of cemtinf mixed in wa-report of the school management com- 1er, and applied to tho cracks with a in it Lee, have proved thoroughly satis- whisk broom, has slopped them- wiih factory. During this year they were but little trouble or expense. Brick-attended by 12,262 aspirants to pro-	tats	are as	good	and cheaper than
ficiency in the art of cleansing and	whole brirk	Instead of laying the
beautifying articles of every-day wear, bats flat, they are laid on edge, mak-There are now seventy-one permanent tmg a two-inch wall Th* bats wire, laundry centres, and two others are La# Ln Rme. mortar and care, must be building. Each s<hool consists of one taken to have no hole * behind the wall class-room, with accommodation for ancj the wall is then plastered over fourteen children, and is fitted with	w|th	a thLn	coat	of c^momt, which
desks and seats, fourteen wash tubs	need	not be	more	than thick enough
Ironing tables, a copper, and a sink.
The whole work is under the superintendence of Mias Lord and Miss Jones.
At present there is a deficiency in the supply of instructresses, and a number are being trained under the former a supervision. The salary of the superintendents commences at £150 per year, and rises to £200
LONDON LAUNDRY SCHOOL
composition, corps, division
The President dines at once on his arrival at home, and devotes the rest of his time on the stoep to visitors, until he return? to his office in a similar manner to that of the morning arriving punctually there at two p ra. At the last stroke of five o’clock in the afternoon, as punctiliously he enters his carriage and reaches his home similarly escorted From five to seven o'clock His Honor can always he found on his stoep, smoking, receivv-found on his stoep, smoking, receiving callers, and sometimes discussing semi-official work. At seven p.m. he adjourns for evening family prayers then supper, and by eight p.m., all the household are in bed
•'This is the way we wash our clothes" is a familiar phrase in the
A DELICIOUS SALAD
Mix one cup of shredded cabbage
play-ground and the nursery; it has
two cups of finely cut celery and one
mg
broken in pieces cream dressing.
schools in London
al which they may acquire at least one useful accomplishment, have been
im a reach her ear
'•'If th-1 Aim gh y made you a queen, it would not be more than your goodness deserves 1*
ROYAL TREES
HIS ANSWER SAVED HIM.
A well-known comedian is an ardent
set
“ «KT2 Mr "It.
XMoK :ii £i «a
Some of the queens of England have been in the habit of choosing a fine
beech tree in
VERY SERIOUS RESPONSIBILITY
and thriving ->ak or Windsor Forest 10 which they have given their name, which, with the date of ihe month, and year of selection, is engraved on a brass plate, and screwed securely to the tree ; thus, in one of the most beautiful and retired parts of the forest Queen Anne’s oak may be seen ; the oak, of the cousin of George 1L, Queen Caroline, the oak of Queen Charlotte, the oak of Queen Adelaide, as well as that of her present Majesty.
to well novel* the brick
VALUE OF THE COMPOST HEAT
The Compost Heap is an important item otf farm economy which we are
CORRECT CEREAL COFFEE
vng
this lake is pri-
not permitted
"Are you aware
t0'c;tcnhdtUbVui'rhe demanded not catching your mb
a curt tone;
apt to delay too long or to altogether neglect. This work belongs properly to the early wunter months systematic savinig of materials, which
Some people object to genuine coffee the day because of the stimulant it contains
After an action, making out lists of killed, wounded, and missing men, returns of guns, stores, and prisoners captured, the burial of ihe dead, and looks better the forma'ion 01 ihe camp or bivouac,
if cleared with an egg. Mix from one- comprise the work of the Staff. On third to one-half cup of cereal coffee llie march the zei.1 and ability of the with one-third beaten egg, add one Staf. is tried to the ulmo t. Blocked third cup of cold water and pour on ! 'oads, idvance-guard< without c«d-fire cups of boiling water. Boil umiis, iod brigid-s, and wandering di-five minutes; add one-half cup of co'd 1 visions, missing baggage, and need-water, let stand 10 minutes and serve I ksdey-fatigued men—in short, Chios sugar and cream Scalded milk will of the most heart-bre .king descrip-will not lake the plan* of créa in in tton results unless the Chief of Staff cereal coffee.	!an<l hlH juniors tre well up in their
¦¦	business.
Nevertheless, a Stuff appointment is intensely coveted by the latter ; and th i English system of making Staff regimental officers interchangeable en-gend rs a proper sympathy, and prt-vents the former from being looked hare been freed from whue skin and upon, or looking upon themselves, ee a
el, sliced bananas from which the corps eapirt, thus causing rivalry covering has been removed, which cannot be but detrimental to th#
nabi
By a
SOME HONESTY LEFT
others object to cereal coffee huit lacks this quality
"I'm
the stranger, in
only feed n g 'em"
I'm
Cereal
1 am giad there are a few honest people left.	Two	years ago I	Rent	a	are	often wasted by	some intelligent
boy around	the corner	to buy	a post	farmers, we can ai	nominal expense
card. I have never seen the boy to return to the sol much of/ that which this day.	has	been taken firom	it in the differ-
You don't call	that	boy honest t	eat	gathered crop»-	A compost he ,p
Yes, sir I This morning I received of alternate, layers of leaves, manure a postal with this on the back : Dtsur scrapings and rich earth, w i; b all the sot. Here, is your postal. I started in accumulations from h<>u*e and lot, can business with the) penny you gave me be made <xn nominal cost. tSuoh- a
and have proeqtered. Thanks.	heap, say 8 ft, high and ft) ft square,
would be equal in plant food to about a torn of guano, but intrinsically' and agriculturally, It iwould be worth twice as much.
cause
coffee like the genuine
TURKISH WOMEN’S RIGHTS.
The Turkish- woman is marriageable at the age of 9 years, and by Turkish law at that age, if married, she is competent to manage her property and dispose of one third of her fortune, The law allows her to abandon her husband’s house for just cause, and protect her in so doing. She cannot be compelled to labor for the support of her husband. •
Africa is the most elevated of ell the continents. It ia the "continent of plateaus.” The great table land in the south has a mean altitude of over 8,600 feet ; while the wide table-land the north has an average elevation of about 1,800 feel.
IN TIME OF PEACE.
The town of Ladysmith the centre of the recent operations in Natal, is laid out on a sloping hillside near the Klip River, an unimportant stream
which flows at its foot. Some thirty miles distant the great Drakenberg range of mountains rises Into the blue sky and shelters all the slope upon which the town stends. Although In the height of summer the heat U frequently oppressive yet for most of the year the climate is both dry and bracing. The place haa, Indeed, often been recommended as a resort for consumptive#.
will
A CONSTANT READER’S REQUEST
A FRUIT DESSERT
I’m a subscriber to your paper, said the mon whose head was bowed down by reason of a boil on the back of hie neck. I came in to make a request.
Well, replied the editor, what can I do for yout
I w. nt to know if you can’t pogt youj bulletin# a little lower down, un-
There is nothing better for dessert than fruit served in some form, For
WINTERING UNIONS.
Onions may remain slightly Are:on •11 winter and gradually will thaw out towards spring without loss. Alternate freeling and thawing is whet
salpicon, mix section# <>f orange which


.nnei
shredded pineapple and some Malaga Army’s interest#.
on
war
tU I get over this trouble of mine
i

###PAGE###7###
I
TBit SOLDIER'S NERVES.
IS THIS TRUE?
? "I take il,'' Haul the man who had
been reading about uue of 1 he fighta
in South Africa, "that this waa a real, genuine JjritUh victory."
"What mikes you so certain?" asked the other man?
"Why, the cable ia «till working. A British; defeat f ills on the cable with a dull, sickening thud and breaks
THERE 13 NOTHING CIV-AP OR INFERIOR IN
QUEBEC ONCE MORE.
HAVE YOU TASTED
LUDELLA
fftTfLINO INCIDENTS WHICH rSRHIFY HARDENED TROOPS.
A Young Lady of St- Justino Writes of Her Experience With Dodd's Kidney Pills.
CEYLON TEAIS? '
Ilir »ol«ller Who I» «rave In the Freerlift* olfM.nl iniHger In «fieu I'nnle Mirhken a|»i nu it ml Humor* of llimuer.
CEYLON GREEN TEA ?
lis far more delioloue then Japan. Hold only In
Lead racket*.
m4
1% is a peculiar circumstance that hardened and trained troops will go through a long fight surrounded by ,11 the horrors that are inseparable
trom war without flinching. an,t with H, Juit| Que-> Feb> 6._Miaa Anna
the utmost apparent callousness ; and (’Imlette, of this plaice, has been an in-ihe same men will be struck terrified valid, owing to Kidney Disease, all her
lift* until <|ttlte t«• ' fitly, when she began to improve. Her many friends
. .	. ...	,	.. were delighted at the change and she
ularijr war* between civilized n.itiuiis, lnia( with congratillation and encour-
is prolific in incidents of trivial char- ngvment on all sides. It was not gen-
icter in themselves, but so unusual orally known, however, that the cause
.b.. .b., W.1.0 "...
natural instinctive liorror ob men w ,a nu[ until the other day that the gioru suddenly and intensely than per- fact was given out. Rut such is the trips tho main terrors of days of car- mend Miss Cholette acknowledges
"... ¦«*	IMUtt. ÏÏ71Æ
letter, giving full details of her cose for the benefit of other sufferers.
" Since the age of eight years I have suffi*red with inflammation of the kid-
itr
Ühaüiml im
tltftft Ann* I boldir W*» * »nlfrrer From fhl tlliood- llorlore tlnvr Her Up « a < Imwle InvmIl«l—To-Day In Muper-nhaiiilunl Neal h Krone Fee of Ho.hr* kltluey Fille.
NEURALGIA, SCIATICA. MUSCULAR, INFLAMMATORY, GW*, LUMBAGO, RHEUMATIC PARALYSIS, mSTHMA
not satisfactorily explain them. There is something so unnaturully—almost uncunnily—unreasonable about them which eliminates any dishonor ; and it is particularly remarkable that "war panics" have mostly occurred among regiments whose fearlessness* and proVess have made the hearts of their country min heave with pride.
During the Zulu War two or three such panics occurred among our troop*, though, of course, on it smaller scale and of a more moderate character. Now and then during that war small camps were suddenly thrown into disorderly terror, and almost put to bolting by a sentry mistaking some bmb or shrub for a Zulu spy, or the foremost of an attacking horde, and firing upon it.
On one occasion a sentinel, guarding a cimp, espied soma dark object creeping about among some bushes a little neys. 1 mm to-day twenty-four years way off, and fired at it. The next in-old. 1 hasten to write you, therefore, „tant the camp was in disorder ; men wing of the Prussian army was cliarg- to give you the full details of my cure, were seizing their arms, and rushing e,l by regiments of French cuiras- 1 «commenced to be sick when going to forward to pour a hot fire irr the di..... "¦ » - <•—« «• *¦<"« stt i wrLAA&K asrrr z
ami facilitating the falling back of gfofc „nd the doctor profited by the ftn(j after a few minutes' firing into the French infantry. Dut the cuiras- occasion to tend me also He came oft n the darkness, at nothing in particular,
Um b..b b,,h. unllinob- W.^ 'j*
ing 1 russians. Again the cui lassie is nu>rp. 1r)y trouble would right itself was a poor, velvet-eyed cow, which had charged, and again they were driven ns I grew older. He mtfde nothing of strayed, and strayed into the jaws of back by the withering tire of shot pmi the months I had Iwen unwell already, death, too !
"The trouble continued) constantly after that. I puffared, greatly and bed-ridden almost continually At this time I was under the consulla-tion of two doctors. They said I had he on suffering this long time of inflammation of the kidneys. They gave me many medicines, and 1 was under tliedr treatment for two years.
Thev gave, me no relief,
"My parents were greatly pained at seeing me suffering so, and ns for myself I felt that I could never find pleasure, again in this world.
"My father one day read in a newspaper of the good effects of Dodd's Kidney Pills. Ho bought three boxes sinus appears nothing very much in of them to try and they gave me
scene relief. He bought me a dozen mure boxes, and now T am perfectly well and uvejrflmwing with life and spirits.'*
LIFE’S DIFFICULTIES.
Cured
O »r ,4 hod Is sure and has cured thousands-some pronounced Incu'Able. Write at once. Booklet and Proof on request Addrttt
Penalties of Modern Methods of
Li vine-
The SWISS-AMERICAN CO., Windsor, Ont., Canada
Gy a «ingle trifling incident.
Every war uf any importance, partie.
iPicton, Deo. 18th.—We rend a great d-eaI concerning the hardship# and suf-fe-ring» endured by the Canadian pion-ara in the e.irly days of our Dominion. Hut the truth is that many of our descendants, in our own times, endure equally as much as did their
forefathers.
The rose of Miss Anna Young, of tills town is an Instance. Miss Young is a grand daughter of Col. Henry Young, the United Empire Loyalist, in whose honor Fort Henry, at Kingston, was named. She says:—" I had suffered with rheumatism for twenty years. My poor body was all twisted out of shape, so you can imagine the agony 1 endured. My physicians exmld not help me; fall the medicines I used were utterly useless.
"1 read of Dr. Arnold's English Toxin Pills, one day. and t hought I’d give them a trial. 1 am thankful for hav. ing that insjdratlon, for i am now free from very terrible pains and aches, thank.” to Dr Arnold’s English Toxin Pills—and to them alone of course, be made young again, for I will be 79 years old in December, yet I feel I can end ray days in pence, thanks to Dr. Arnold’s English Pills."
I)r. Arnold’s English Toxin Pills, the only medicine on earth that cures disease by killing the germs that cause it, are sold by all druggists at 75c.a box; sample size 25c., or sent prepaid on receipt of price, by The Arnold Chemical Co., Limited, Canada Life Building, 42 King St. W„ Toronto.
Angie r’s
Petroleum Emulsion
Such an incident is the one, for example, which occurred at the Hattie of Worth, in the early days of the Ira neo-Prussian War.
In the heat of the great battle a
mg
A most efficient substitute for cod-liver oil, pleasant to the taste, and agreeing with the most sensitive stomach. Used by physicians the treatment of all throat and lung troubles, and — if results count for anything—almost no limit to the good it can do.
mm
ép
in
Dtft.il nd Urp,
I cannot
eS
shell. ,
For a third time they came down again, and as the enemy wailed for ? hem iu draw nearer a horrible,
ULOOD-F1ŒEZ1NG TERROR
I
WAR TACTICS OF HORNETS.
Boys who propose to bombard hornets’ nests may find valuable information in the description, by Hervy Laney, in the Scientific American, of the way these insects defend their homes. There is always a sentinel
on watch at the entrance, and when a stone is thrown at the nest, "the hand that threw it has been marked as sure as the sun shines, and before the attacking party can turn the head he will feel a stunning blow on the forehead, and ixwsibly drop to the earth with pain, for the hornet flies with such velocity that the human body is not swift enough in movement to get out of the way." In making such a charge, Mr. Laney la ToSOana, 10O. says, the hornet flies "with head and tail together," and the sting is driven deep. Hut if the boy gets behind a tree or bush, and throws from shelter, he is likely to escape, because the
hornet seems to possess little nower 11 PhtlFROh 10O.
of locating the enemy at sight. When !	____
the delivery of a stone is followed by a sufceesfuli charge, Mr. Laney thinks it is because the hornet possesses "the faculty of marking the direction of a missile thrown at the nest."
* *»
w is
Sample bottle mailed to any address on receipt of 10
cent» to cover postage.
T oronto
Angler Chemical Co.
81 Con fnWa tien Life Building.
seized the Prussians, and for the moment it looked as if they would turn and f:y, or be cut down without defending themselves meut they had pulled themselves together and beaten back for the third &ud last time the gallant cuirassiers. , The sight that terrified the Prus-
Uut in a mo-
A sample room is dangerous when TORONTO Cutting School offer»	»df»nt*g*e
too many «amples are taken.	I %J
I#
113 Yongi St, Toronto.
Happy a the wooing that’s not long a doing. Sorry’s the wait for the tontine date.
particular*
T# rrui? a told :* owe day
Take laxative Broino Quinine Tablets. All druggie # refund the money If ll fail» to cure, tic. K. W. Grove's rguature is on each box.
m
M«EAVBR BRAND** MaoklnteaR
never hardens k is guar au teed Wales, proof, Asà f r It. take no other. Ben» ver Elibber Clothing Oe* Montreal,
There «re many muscles In the human body, control of which has been lost through ages of disuse.
It was a regiment
black and white of cuirassiers led at a dashing rate’ o-wnrds them by a headless officer sitting upright in his saddle and appir-
h was
Mammon is the largest slave holder in the world.—Saunders.
HARRIS LhAD^OPPER^^WAaS*
Wholesale only. Long Distance Televhonel729.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
KKLIANCK CIGAR *AC’l OR Y.Montreal
9ntly encouraging on his men g
less a person than Futzun del.as
To send for owr
W&hfSfîî
and SPECIAL RATE OF DISCOUNT. We
Roast beef that is not well done is a rare thing.	,
Music
no
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
carre, of the third regime it of cuirassiers. whose ne id Lud been earned completely off his should j s truup broke into the third lespa*hie cbmgv by a cannon-ball. which also look off ul« iher oi licor’s hand and cut iLc bugler in two.
It is remark a I le and singular ;hit at the Hattie of Fori ach, which took place the same day as Worth, a. very similar incident occurred, and did more to shake the nerves of the Germans than hours of roaring cannon and fighting had done.
While a regiment of Prussian infantry were standing in reserve, watching the fight as well as they/ could from their position of shelter, a charger belonging to a French dragoon regiment (one which was practically destroyed in the battle) galloped right into the midst of the men, who rushed to arrest it, and immediately fell back in alarm; for swinging to the bridle was the whole left arm of) the chargers’ rider, the fingers of the handiiirw-ly grasping the reins. The arm appeared to have been severed a few inches below the shoulder, and was certainly that of an officer, but who the officer was has never been satisfactorily established.
So moved were the hardened men of battle at
sud other PRODUCE, to t-nsuru bent results con if n to
The Dawson Commission Co., limited,
Cor. West-Market â Oolborne St., Toronto,
If Payne, of Granby, Qua. Clear Manufacturer,
as the
leathers EE Wanted
A Clergyman's Advice.
CHEAP MANITOBA FARMS
You may talk too much on the beet of subjects, except fraternity.

<î CrOl|
160 Yonge St TORONTO. 1
THE ALMOST MIRACULOUS CURE OF JOHN MCDONALD, CAPE NORTH, N. S.
FOR OVHR FIFTY YEARS
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING SYRUP has been wed by mother? for their children teething. It soothe# child, softens the gums, allays pain, cures wind ___i, and is the best remedy for disrrhosa 25c. a bottle Sold by all druggists throughout the world. Be sure and a-à for " Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup.
T gng <1 «n-
¦ wRsg^W * throat, ston r.’Jl m l bladder. 5'Jc Ml a box. Write for pirtimilars, Th# Indian Catarrh Cure Co., 146 St. James st . Montreal.
cures
The Only Cure for Catarrh.
Miss Lizzie Lan ford, of 353 Market St., Chicago, III., says: "I have been a constant sufferer from Catarrah for twelve years. During that time I have used most of the known remedies for Catarrh, but can safely say ; bat Catarrbozone is the best. It has cured me. It is very pheasant and .effective in its use. I sha'll recommend it at every opportunity to my friends.” Cat irrb-ozone is a guaranteed cure. Sold by all druggists. Trial outfit sent to any address for 10c in stamps. N. C POLSON & CO., Kingston, Ont., Proprietors.
the
P« rtftrft COLD CUR* 10c. Cures in a Jiffy P Mo-
uar lu*® Connue* ft Go., Agents, Montreal-
THE DES MOINES INCUBATOR-Beet and cheapest
1 O. Rolland, sole agent for the Dominion, fi- nd 3 et , tamp for catalogue. 373 fit. Paul Street, Montreal
Sausage Caslng#-g%&%%!%%
encan Hog Casings- reliable goods at n^ht pries
PARK. BLACKWKLL ft CO.. Toronto
colic
for fears He Was A filleted With Spinal Trouble and Furnljsls of ibe Lega-Wae Treated by the best Bpeelallata In fir torla General Hospital, at Halifax,
Without Benefit Dr rills Have Restored llliu-
Mr. John McDonald, a well known merchant at Cape North, N.S., wus for many years a sufferer from spinal trouble, which eventually resulted in partial paralysis. Treatment of many kinds was resorted to, but without avail, until finally Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were used, with the result that Mr. McDonald is ago in enjoying almost perfect health. Mr. McDonald’s story is given as follows in his own words:—"Almost' thirteen years ago I caught a bad cold which lodged ini my back, producing a terrible pain. Uniment «{ were at first resorted to. but
they had no effect, and the trouble be-	THE UORR1BL1S SIGHT
came so had that I oouJdi hardly walk,
and couJd not go out of doors after that no one would touch the honte,
me
r.W.fsrf % = taœa-,,...
General Hospital.- Halifax, va here	aD(i bravest troops the world, can
mained for two months under n ,uce have no immunity from that treatment of the he t specialists, but stfu and mysterious madness when I returned home I was *b< u.ii > ^nown t0 military history as "war worse than when 1 entered 'the haLj-1 - njc ,»	^ heavy war, frequent sau-
tai. This thoroughly discouraged me, ^ujnary engagements, night marches, an-d I gave up all hope of ever get-	surprise# sometimes play havoc
ting better. I continued to 8roNN.	soldiers’ nervous systems, and
worse until about the first ot reUjer them more like high-spirited January. 1896, when I had be- cojtH (ban men who have taken the come eo bad that- Ï cou-ld not stand	prepared to suffer immeasurable
alone, as my legs were like sticks un- horrors and take death cheerfully, tier me. My only means of locomotion q^ose who have read deeply about was crutches, and my legs dragged ^ Peninsular War will perhaps recol-after me like useless pieces of Mm- ieet that one or two British regiments, her ; I could not raise them one inch the very of our army engaged in from the floor. About the first of the	war, were so terrified that they
following April, Rev. Mr. McLeod were absolutely routed during one strongly urged me to try Dr M 1 - night’s march by nothing more tang-llams* Pink Pills. I had t rieil so many ^an a false rumor, things without lienefit, that I < »d q'he trooips were marching along in not think the i*lls could help me, but (| order cheerily chatting as if they nevertheless decided to give them a wpre Q|1 ^e way to manoeuvre on *Al-Afler using six boxes 1 could ^ergb0t Plains, when a rumour ran see that there was a slight iraproy - down the lines that the enemy was at ment, and I continued using the pill* band. The next moment the line of untP I had taken thirty boxes, an- ordeIqy soldjers was changed into an by that time new life and vigor and 0N(JaTED m0B OK AltMED MEN
wmmM
thing were necessary to demonstrate the unnaturalness of the panic it would be done by the grand fact «that the moment it became known that the was really at hand, the men in-
¦ m a m m Mille. Mille A Males
LAW ütK?»
¦ie» ¦ ” mond St. W. Toronto.
Every man has been, is, or will be handsome in the eyes of some woman.
Will lams* Fink
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
For the very best send your work to the
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for agent in your town, or send di-ect
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
O’KEEFE’S » MALT
Books, Rosaries, Cru-oifixea, Scapulars.
R. ligiou* Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornaments, Eluoational Wo-k-t. Mail orders rc eive prompt attorn-lion
Catholic Prayer
Invigorates and 8tn nithsus.
LLOYD WOOD. Toronto. GENERAL AGENT
D. & J. SADLIER & CO., Montreal
Unbecoming forwardness oftener proceeds from ignorance than impudence.— Grevilla.
pONNON SENSE KILLS Hoaches. Bed CjpBfgk V Bugs, Rata and Mice. Sold by all ; Druggists, or 381 Queen W. Toronto.
WE ARE OFFERING
TO INVESTORS
] AS.
State of Ohio, CiTv i.f Toledo,
Lucas County.
Fhank J- Cheney makes oath that he L s nior partner of the firm of F. J. Cheney A Co., doing business in tbe City of Toledo, County and Slate aforesaid, and ti-a1 sa’d firm will pay ihe -urn of ONK HUNDRKl) DOL LARS for etch and every case of Catarrh that cannot 1 e cured by the use of IIall’h Catarrh Cure.
ROOFING
SBSsm
If you would not be forgotten as goon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth the writing.
also an In
special stock, guaranteeing large dividends stalment stock payable in monthly instalments, drawing cash dividend-, half yearly Parties wanting safe anfl profitable investment should correspond with
The Sun Savings and Loan Co., Toronto.
Money loaned on favorable terms ; agents wanted to unrepresented dis r.ots ; write us.
A SISTER SAVED.
Michigan Land for Sale.
FLANK J. ORKNEY, Sworn to before mo and subscribed in my presence, this 6th day of December. A.D. 1886
:.....•:	A. W. GLEASON.
Sot ary Public
Farmers Intending to Seed Corn Note This.
O 000 ACRES 0000 f ARMING LANDS-A KEN AO
Of I-moo, Ogemaw and Crawford Counties Title perfect On Michigan Central. De'roll ft Mackinac and Won Lake Railroads, at prions ranging from tt to |3 per acre. Them; Lands art- Close to Luterprismg New Towns, Chun he#. Schools, etc., and will be sold on os# rsaaonable terms Apvly to
R. M
Sickness Banished -Health restored.,
Gentlemen,—Dr. Ward’s Blood and Nerve Pills have done my sister bo
much good that in grateful apprécia- Hail’* Catarrh Cure le taken internally, and
sai aw:» isfflsti «ssSfefiffisæs:
solicited, as to their merits. My Bold by Druggist*, 75o. sister. 15 years of age, caught a vio- Hall’s Family Pill* are the best.
lent cold—since then she has been ina^^^g^gaggÈgÊ^gM
very poor health, lost all colour
her blood had no vitality, and the rich too much, enough not one. So she had no physical strength, she be. leave an inheritan e to your orphans.
that she could not stand any exertion	montrial notil directory.
or excitement, and it was-impossible  ----------------------:—ST
for her to get restful sleep, she lost The 11 Balmoral,” Fr*0 BUS gi%g^ her appetite, her h art became very	s a-
weak, palpitating so violen ly that HOlOl v&rSloKG; from$is day up opp. she could hardly breathe at the sligh- PT-H. Station. Montre»!. Gso. Carslaksft Co., Props.
iTwi-nl”w. iïi’m'X ««»«¦
Pills two months ago she was in a	jaMEtt» NOTEL-w°»PositeO.T.R. Depot,
state of complete physical and nervous ® ¦ • v Finite nviu two blocks from o. P.
prostration. lier blood wan scanty	Hou" Moderoin"
with no mure strength than water.
Since taking Dr. Ward’s Blood and
SEAL.
Mineral Extract
is the cheapest and best ingredient for coloring corn to
P1KRCS, Agent, West Bay City, Mick. Or J W CUR Fis. Whitiemore. Miph.
prevent crows from picking up corn when planted, had 14 acres of com last year on my 135 acre farm and had the seed all colore and had notons sulk destroyed by crows. I also claim it as good as a heavy < oat of manure for making corn grow rich. fcHi-tg so well uie;ued with it that I have taken the agency for it. r tinners who wish to huy only a sn all box should send in their orders not later than Pelf 1st Small l*ox
Term- cash with order*. .No orders taken after March 1st in order to get them all packed ,nd shipped Ufore
Avril ht direv'ly at UT R. and U 1* It for shipping, hvery bo\ of Extract guaranteed to give satisfaction or
money refunded	i
MAIL
STEAMSHIPS
Portland. Me., tv>Liverpool, via Halifax.
Large and fast Steamer* Vancouver, Dominion, Cambroman.
cSSVl fKSU. wiïïïtf0*
y or turtber information apply to local agents, or
DAVID TORRdJCB à CO . General Agents,
i} St. SaurameiH St. Montreal
dominion Line
The poor have little, beggars none,
was
anemic
came
upwards ; Second
ANDREW KAUFMAN, Fergus P 0 , Ont
European Plan. Rooms
•heapast and Beat Covering In the World
PIPE AND BOILER
Odorless
Covering
Mica
%
*
Steam and Hot and Cold Water Pipes, Cold Storage Pipea Kitchen Boilers, at*.
11
1
1er particulars apply to
MICA BOILER COVERING CO., Limited,
h ©
H
Toronto, Montreal, and Loudoa, Eug
,	,	,	He hrtfl changed his one eyed bor
Nerve I’i I»	been	tar n blind one, as is said of a iman
il is aille to fulfill its functions. Prior to inking Dr. Ward’s Pills she had taken innnr medicines without any special benefit. Dr. Ward’s Blood and Nerve Pills are certainly the only medicine that has done any good. Before taking them she was getting weaker, her heart and nerves lotting strength daily
taking them she has daily and continuously gained health and strength.
CLARA EI.LIOTT,
31) College street,
Peterborough, Ont.
d
sr

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
E
G
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA

W. I». C 1010

u
5
u
t
CALVERT’S
M"*
Closet.
Carbolic Disinfectant». Soaps, Olnt ment, Tooth Powder», etc., have been awarded 100 module and diplomas for euperioy excellence. Their regular nac prevent infectious dineanee. Aik your dealer to obtain a supply. Lints mailed free on application.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
MANCHESTER
trial
This new and nioet useful invention ha* not only pro i ed to he a great seller, but a I won to hun-lr* is. Many medical men are using ihis closet, and all pro* n-.unce It atfsolutely odor I « and sanitary in every re-jKvU After lieing In the market for over tw > y« ars this closet baa become so popular that the manunw inr-ers hare had to double their output In order to meet the isniand.
For Catalogue and Prie» List write to
The Odorless Crematory Closet Co., Hamilton, Ont.
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
Since she had began
JAB. R. ARNETT, Manager
ENGLAND
JOHN J. MAIN, Bupt. and Treat
l
•in
Mil
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
I
A fat kitchen, a lean twill, but with
you can so live still.
•TrtiJ.tn
»
i
i
camiu mmnivi
future provint
m
Loan and Savings Company-
mooaroiaTRD 1855.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mortgage Corporation
f /	^ f , are said to be the best
y\A~4/7AAXS judges of Tea in Europe, /	/	_ even the poorest classes
being large consumers of the very choicest Teas grown in India and Ceylon. The Teas most in favor in Ireland are rich, strong, liquoring kinds, similar to Canadian

Esplanade,
Opp. Sherbot-ne St.,
Toronto
9Mn>
then from me tell me they have cur-Id them of their troubles.
Dr Williams Pink Pills sot direct-
They do
$j,6oo,ooo
Paid-up Capital,
Reserve Fund
Neat Offlow—Toronto St, Toronto
1,200,000
Nigh Class Water Tube Steam Eollere, for All Pressures Duties and Fuel.
HMU FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
iy on the blood and nerves.¦ 1
psrge, and therefore do not weaken like other medicines- They give itreijrlh froîm tbe first till to the ##st used. There are many dealers who offer pink colored substitutes, because the substitute gives them a greater profit, but these nhouM al-'•'ay* be refused, as substitut- « *re -tW dangerous or absolutely worth-
i
not
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed.
DEBENTURES ISSUED for I, 1. B» 4 or 5 year* i interest coupons ettoched.
MONEY LENT on security of red eeUU
Stantly foil in and showed the utmost eagerness to attack. The rumor when false set the men Hying like a horde of nervous women ; the rumor when true, unquestionably, made the women ' of steel again.
Such “war panics’* are mysteries ; , v e n the moat experienced officer earn»

rh n t (^Electric Sight On . L mi ted. DOlOnWPW ^ Naex^y HsrrisOe., Limited.
nCIcICHlco 1%. o^Wh.K^* «uoj.
For further particulars apply to
J. HERBERT MASON,
Mseegleg Director. Toronto.
men
where boiler* ear be seen wo *inr
ULHaf

###PAGE###8###
rar
W m
WANTED - Honest rmtn or woman to tram vel for large house; salary #H> monthly ami expense*, with Increase; position permanent; tBelow self-addressed stamped envelope. MAN AUER, 330 Csxton bldg.. Chicago.
King- j
Hash is

£
3
Over the whole Modder river district there is such tremendous military activity that it is hard to realize the area cov ered or grasp the full meaning of the movements.
The Boers, though retreating to Ma gersfontein, are active elsewhere. A special despatch from Orange River, dated Friday, Feb. Id, says they ate at tempting to cut the British line of communications at (iras Ban. But it ij styd they are not likely to t ft Vet a serious result, tin ugh they arc undoubtedly making a strenuous itt'ort to cut the British lines to Du Aar.
We will sell balance
of our
OooooooooooOooooooooooo
o MY TERMS o
O	O
O	ARE	o
o	o
u STRICTLY CASH, o
•' %
OooooooooooO oooooooooo l )
Ry adhering clo>cly to this rule it enable* to do watch and dock repairing, uid -oil everything in my line at
Winter Suits
HOES I
• • at • •
H
1110
Actual Cost
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
o
Koodeeburg Occupied.
On the other hand conic¦ the news that (¦on. Macdonald has again occupied Kood-ebburg. What precautions Lord Roberts has adopted against counter attack arc nut yet known but the war < flue and the , public are thoroughly convinced that he is fully able to cope with all contingencies and that if it is within human possibility he will it,diet the defeat on General Cron jo that is so much more important than the relief r Kimberley, brilliant ne was the latter achievement.
While (• jneral Kelly-Kenny's, or , rather, General Kitchener s despatch re-1 ferred to the Boer rear guard as being i Gen, Cronjv s, it is still doubtful if that general is personally with it and it is pos-I sible he may bo employing more than one line of retreat.
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED
McGUIRE
E
k
Oup goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every tinte ......
9

I
A NEW AND
THE TAILOR.
S
goodwyn

ELEGANT STOCK OF
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR, .
ONT.
LADIES’ SHOES
[
?
on General Cronjo’s main line of com munication, with Bloemfontein and 20,
000 infantry, with 72 guns, me being m ..	pushed up to support him there,
h'jot as a Traitor.	Lord Hubert'* despatches wired from
, p “	»	t„ ; inside the Free Slate and on the Riot
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1S99. ' the Pari, Temp, from its correspondent ; |;'aYdvnlre llaTn ÏSn^LeTb? Urn ' London, Feb. Id -A mutilated des
Nos. i and -, daii.N exct.pt sunda>. | by the Herald today.	or two and a battle is consequently inv times and that only seventeen of the en-
For tickets and further Information apply One day w hile a troopship was passing .	.	cmy escaped. As the Grenadiers form
Si V) An-.riîchambL^OuL'wn! ^ 'he high promontory on which the light % what furcM Genera! Cronje ha. Pa,t of the Modder River column this
l-.w RESSEMAN, house ia situated an c.fticer s attention was now at his di.poaal and ae to wher, he bayonet charge may bo connected w ith uenlHupt. attracted by singular heliograph	purposes making a stand against the in- Lord Robert's movement.
that were being made on the other side of	one here connected with the
the lighthouse. The keeper was watched
and it was found that by the use of the ordinary heliograph code be signalled each	, , , ^	» n,.	xir
nvw arrival of troops, each movement in	London, Feb. ., d2n pm. The War
the port, and the number of men, can- ! \T • ™ LAM1 nlf I ^lQ0 has r^e*vet( tho follow,n8 de8Palch non and horses embarked to accomplices J\lIIl Uvl	, from General Buller :
\vimer	Arrive 9 45 situated on. a mountain some distance	—^	#	1	Ghieveley Lamp, heb. 1..-I yesterday
? Brook” Hdge	away. These messages wore repeated	lAVPn moved around the enemy s flank. The
• Kardley	"	v.06 frum post to post and reached the Boer	llvllV V UU# Qeeen s, who bivouacked on the northern
rark?rMobrr88Slng •' Iso headquarters on the Tugela river in two	- slope of Cingolo, crossed the nek and,
* i issipiss wmm
-=m m m,m mm
where h. *. eW.	the nver. .YeeteHay (Tore#) the
t e rd a y''t h if è tfe rny upenw"iultf«Tk"u% : o u^y d fuTcing^pMsa^ ' The" i ! oe r • am! tf!e Sr”und 'ravened was exceedingly This Mill It IIS 1)CC11 built expressly for tllC farmers’ trivte
filehiiï'ùa'the %Swd by“SS rZtK'l‘îS^bÆ" ^ Lve'bel:,S% eoo'' They^^d in ovtl.-v to get it wv are prepared to give in exchange
companies cf WotCMter. under Captain	u vt cattluand J,ml, sheep.	the Se"s the FIRST-CLASS FLOUR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
âËmmrnÊÈmsÊÊm.
„ut the day. Meanwhile two big gun, casualt?e, were .light. '	remarkableThe "aee "mte^!ire 7f The Flour, GCm Meal, Brail, ShOïtS aild PrOVSDdSr.
on the w est opened upon the British at	remarkable. I ne accurate lire of the	*	*	7
Tssutance.8 from chieve,ey "" of THE SHAW VILLE MILLING CO.
THE WAR.
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RY
i
Fall ans winter Tsme Table
1
Only 17 Escaped
All Sizes from
3’s to 7’s.
W at < Hlice knows anything. The data gullerDrives Boers Across Tugela for conceptions are wholly wanting.	____
i
We invite your careful inspection.
O
Official Time Table :
AM
PM
Lea A
E. HODGINS & SON.
5 4
« W
«.12
ti.18
HiîÜ
6.37
fi.47
l.5d
• *

7.14
7.-8

7.4
KM

<n


*.\2
?
* ..SO
#.47
?
8.5
?
?
i
Farmers !
Get your milling done at
The New Flour Mills.
BRITISH FOUGHT GALLANTLY AGAINST A STRONG HOUR FuRCB,
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT DEC. 4, 1899
EASTERN DIVISION.
k
k
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1 2 HOURS.
ET PROVENDER ground while you wait, arçd in proper way.
For Sale at Lowest Prices
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
. :	îxm £ I itlM %%%= SS t:
n-s Montreal 9.50 a. m. Valley Held, connects Co- lyddite, the British artillery tiring with • for Cornwall and point* west
Cronje’s Army in Retreat.
Jacobsda1, Friday, Feb. lb.—Via Modder River.—General Crorje, with 10,000 men 13 in full retreat towards Bloemfontein.
Gen. Kelly Kenny is fi/hting a rear guard and harrassing the retreat.
The Boers are reported tu be leaving Spyfoutein, going in a northwesterly direction.
a 0.10 A.M
Our casualties arc not, 1 think, many
Limited «to,» Al,x.n- I frecUion Then auuihor Boor gun to the andria only. Arrives north opened on ’he Royal Irish R lies, Montre*1, li I'm Pullman parlor rar attached. but i at her inetlcctually as the rifles had
Intend diatr' Nations. g‘»od cover. The shelling continued all Pullman parlor car at- day and last evening. The Boers brought
up a forty pounder in order to bombard the camp from r hill to the north. The m i Oii 1> \1	Limited - stops Akxan- attempt was plainly visible, as the gun
m. Pullman parlor Ooulu t e seen being drawn up by eighteen
oxen.
aS.45 A.M.
Notes of the War
b S.4Ô A.M.
Vancouver, B. C , Feb 14.—A private letter written in January to a Vancouver citizen, from Belmont, South Africa, says that Weeks, of Winnipeg, a member | ™ of the first Canadian contingent, was kill* ! ed in action near Belmont.	I
Arrives Montreal 11.56 a. m inched.
Ï’IRBÏ
l.o-al f«r R"vk!aml • an 1 intermediate fis.
a <>.40 A.M
only. Arrives Montreal
î^5fcÆ&".S ZïuZrS' ,£ Si?ÏÏÏ: j W,th lhe Bue,, surrounding the Brit-
n-uce River, st. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arrhing ish in overwhelming numbers and having
.rtiller), it then becm. evident th,t it Lovai ht4.ps at intermcdi- would bo impossible to retain blmgers-• ate stations. Arrive Mon- funtvin, which the British evacuated uncar to Montreal.	upon Kenaburg, Ihe British casualties
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot	were lighter than might have been ex
iïda,'n'tem2di,û»touî i Pcoted under tho cireumiteucc.
Local—frmn Boston.
New York, New England and NVw York points, Montreal, leaving at 7 ;!0 a. m. Stop at loal stations. Haa Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa.
StE
trains for Quvbci
Ti,.c.p. T»n^ll.p,tol.	The undersigned have entered into partner-
HHI	licial list of Boer prisoners captured since Sill)) tO Cfirry Oil DU.S1I16SS BS
London, Feb. 17. A despatch to the 1 the commencement of tho war. The list War Otiice from Lord Roberts says tliat contains 4.48 names. A dispatch from (iun. Kelly-Keimy a brigade Friday cap- the Taguo says < llicial news has been te-tured seventy-eight wagons of stores and ceived from Pretoria that General Jouant munition belonging to General Cronje. bert was wounded at Colenso on Decern-Following is the text of Lord Roberts ber 15. A fiagment of a bombshell despa'ch:	struck him in the right thigh, and it was
“ Jacobsdal, Feb. 17, 5 50 a.m.—Gen. not extricated until December 18.
Kelly Kenny's brigade captured yesterday	—
seventy-eight wagons laden with stores, London, Feb. 15 -The Daily Chron-two wagons of Mauser rifles, eight boxes icle publishes the following despatch from of shells, ten barrels of explosives and a Mafeking, dated Jan. 2fd :	11 Tho Boers
large quantity of stores, all belonging to shelled the women's linger for two hours Crvhjes laager which was shelled by our on Saturday, Jan. 27. Boor women, artillery when Kitchener despatched his warned by spies evidently, wont into the
trenches, clapped their hands, and hurrahed when the shells fell near the Eng liah women. Lady Sarah Wilson was slightly wounded. Major Gould-Adams and (’apt. Wilson received contusions from shell fragments.
Captured Stores
Undertakers,
Furpiture dealers, Manufacturers of Enough & Dressed Lumber, Shingles, Etc.
<;.:tr> 1>.M
a 7.55 A. M. a 1 l.SO A.M.
Inside the Boer Frontier
London, Fob. 14.--The British army, for the first time since the war began, is
a 12.10 NOON USSLzfiS.
liming there at o 40 a.in: Stops at Alexandria inside the Boer frontier. Lord Roberts,
Til	L^UM-rmu, Montreal with at lea.t 40,000 infantry, 7,000 cav
Qi !>••>•) I •	# leaving 4.05 p. m. Htop«* airy, and 150 guns, has turned the Ma-
^Alexandria onl^ lia» Pullman parlor ear.	gerafontein linos, before which the Brit-
î), I») I\M. midlati pintH. Cornwall’ tsh forces have been encamped for ten
Kingston, Toronto and points west, lias Pullman weeks; and, with half of his corps, he is
2£h	already operating on Free State territory.
A battle has not yot been fought, but London, Feu. 17.-With Gen. Cronjc TO AND FROM THE wemt.	largo tactical advantages have been gam in full retreat and General Kelly-Kouny
(Daily, except	Sunday)	cd • I he relief of Kimberley	is wi un	harraaing hie rear, hopes run	high that a
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :	measurable reach ; and the w ay	o doum-	dcojsiVe action will cciur if	it has not j	fight	to	la*>t	BREATH.	!
U f \ 4 \f For Amprlor. R-nfrew, fontvin is appreciably easier.	already been fought. The de pitches London, Feb. li>.-A despatch to the
v.vsrsR«sts.-s;: J'r
ment began on Sunday, when b >l.	».»	epall| in	other words form a laiger or	the	devotion	of	twenty	men	of	the	Vic-	j
nay set out with a brigade i f mounted uv	camp, in	order to rest him oxen. This	tori*	Mounted Rifles,	who	were	caught	in
fan try for L iman, on tin-	'y\ i ignr	t xplain* Gtneral K 1 y-Kenny s latest	a	trap	and died	to	a	man,	fighting to their
miles from Jacob «l 'a-, om» (il	ton » » >	despatch referring to sliding	ths laager,	last	breath
pupp y buses. 0>.i Monday,	which a’so Iro ight loi g expic.ed word
French, wit 1» the cavalry division, me'/. *( frnin (jin *ra' Kitchener s whereabouts.
«ho crossing of the Let river at Dc-kri *	That thd	veiivri| wj.() i0 re]tn iellly pUr-
Drift. south of Jacobean I, and 1< inii* -	6Ue(i ihe	Khhl fa to his doom is supervis-
ât of Honey Nest Kloof, lie skirmish iuglhe pursuit of Ge oral Cron je, adds ed with the Boers, and cleared the \u\y ,rreatly to the confidence < f the nation, for 20,000 infantry, who followed across. , now eo eagerly awaiting further nows.
If General Tuck» r w.th the seventh division is able to « fleet the present junction with the forcei of G. n. Kelly Kenny, while the ninth division of Gen. Colville is rapidly coming up from the rear the hero of Khartoum should have sufficient force to decisively engage Gen. Cronje and prevent him from reaching Bloemfontein with an effective force.
messenger
A full stock of up-to-date Furniture of all kinds will be kept on hand at the present stand of Cuthbertson & Graham, where also the Undertaking Branch will be conducted with the usual prompt attention.
To Cut oil Retreat
Middle & Western Divisions
For Arnprlor Renfrew, Kg •am ill*. Pembroke. and in
4.40 P.M
Sawing, Planiqg aqd Matching Lumber
mediate ]
Mixed train fur Am prier Renfrew, Egar
1.00 P. M.
ill be carried on at the Elliott Factory

waska and Intermediate stations
QUEEN PROMOTES TWO OFFICERS.
London, Fob. 18.—The Queen lias promoted Gen. French to be Major-General. French heretofore has only ranked am a colonel in the array, with the local rank of lieutenant-general. Lieut. Col Keku-wich has been promoted colonel for services in the defence of Kimberley.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot
11.10 A.M.
Logs and Shingle Bolts Wanted.
From Pembroke. Fgan-ville, Renfiew. Arnprkir
and intermediate points
* 5.45 P.M
From Parry Round, Pern-• broke, Egan ville, Renfrew Arnprior and intermediate points.
A large quantity of sawlogs and shingle blocks are now required at the factory for which cash or trade will be given.
4.00 P.M.
Mixed train from Maria*as ka. Kganville, Renfrew, Arn
THREATENS BOER COMMUNICATIONS
On Tuesday, with hie three cavalry brigades and the horse artillery, Generel French rode to the Modder River, a distance of twenty five miles and took three fords, w th high ground beyond the river a.id five Boer camps. He had a few casualties in brushes with the Boer horse General French has now fixed himself
prior amt intermediate stations
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
CDTBSM. Weil 8 ELLIOTT.
Central Depot teell House Block.
Cronje’e Army Surrounded.
A despatch from London at 3 45 a.m., on Tuesday, stys thst General Cronjo’s army i# hopelessly surrounded.
Tickets to Europe and all parta of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook’s
tours.
SHAWVILLE,
a Trains run daily except Sunday b Sunday only.
