###PAGE###1###




+ Wk
Vol XIV, No. 30
SH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 11,-1897
I

One
BANK OF OTTAWA
New Dried Apples, fto. per lb. at O, F. Hoik) ins'.
Mr. David (jillies, M.P.P., was in town on Friday last.
Concert in Wrlah's hall, Bryson, on Monday, March 16th,
Hon. C. Fitzpatrick will speak at that big concert in Bryson on the 16th.
Court Shawville,
No 816.
People are amazed to see the tea th;.t MeUuire ia offering for 20 cents.
C. It Devlin, Km*| , M. P., will deliver address in Bryson on the 16th.
Splendid range of lace curtains and cu tain nets at astonishingly low prices.
(1. F. Hodoinh.
ÏÏ.O.F

SUCCESSFUL
SELLING
H «Nid Ofllre Ottawa t'immln.
Capital (fully paid up) . «1.500.000 00 ......................«1.006 000.00
m
Meets the 41 h Wedne* day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
A. W. Mohrimon, n H. H. H Hahnitt, F.B.
It
an
y
Rost

Hoard of Directors : Charlrn Maokb, Khq., President Geoittil Hay, K.sg .Vice President
Ho*. Gso. Hkvson, Ja Alex. Kramer, Key.,
L.B.C
Mies Clara He id of Montreal is coming up on the 11th. She takes part in the concert at Bryson on the 15th.
The lasjffancy dress Carnival of the sea I Stammerers and persons afflicted with son will held in the Hhawvill© Skating	defects, would do well to call upon
Hink on Wednesday next, March 17. All ro^ Dinton on Monday the 15th, at
the Russell House No pay until cured.
The Ladies’ Aid of this village met at * handsome silver Berry Spoon will the home of Mr. John Armstrong, of ' t,,e K*.ven to the best lady skater at the Clarendon Front, on Friday evening last. j< Hrn»™l in the Shawville Skating Rink Quite a number were present, and the on Wednesday evening next in addition evening spent in worship and social en to lhe four prizes already advertised.
Men’s rubber waterproof coats from
(1. F. Hodginm’
Is what always follows our CAREFUL and KEEN BUYING. This is applicable to all our branches of business and perhaps to none more so than
John Mathkh, Eh«j Davu» Mai I.aken, Hwy
61 60 up, at
Dcnmik Muni'iiy. Khq.
£ocal and (General,
GEORGE BURN D. M. KINN1K
General Maiuiger (Lovai) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
lie?. A. Elliott assisted in the services I welcome at St. Paul's «ni Sunday last
If Drafts leaned on all Banking iKiInta United State» and Great Britain.
Notes and Bill» collected.
Interval allowed on. D« i#o»lt Rtveipt at current rates.
In the Unwin
Ion
IVV. Mr. Webster, of Renfrew, preach ed in the Methodist church here on Sun day last.
General Dry . . . Goods..
Kurna of #1 and upward* received |j Saving» Department. Interest credited half yearly.
0«« e Hours 10 a. m. to 3 p. in. Hatuiday 10a m. tel p. m,
Misa Martha Caldwell and Mies Ella | joyment Hyt e«, of Clarendon, spent last week in Renfrew visiting friends.
March has already contributed two Musical selections on the guitar, songs, I fairly respectable snow storms to the recitations, violin selections by Miss Reid; winter of 1897, the second occurring on Miss Carswell, of Westmeath, who comic dialogues and songs by the Aylmer on Monday last. This is a good begin -was a guest at Mr. Edward Hodgis' for dramatic club and the Bryson club. Ad ning towards approaching the recyrd of mnneduys past, returned home this week | mission to the concert, 35, 25 and iO | last year.
cents
JAB. HOPE A Co.
ÀÎIUFAGTUKINO STATlONlSRh, bOOKSIL Jjm. Iers, IttH>kl>hiderg Prtujim, etc. l)ti|>oiiitor> f th« Ottawa Auxiliary mi,|e8 Htl«t> .Ottawa. Out.
! We have learned by experience that NEW GOODS are more satisfactory to the consumer than OUT OF-DATE GOODS are at any price, and therefore we commence every season with the latest productions of manufacturers am they appear in the domestic and foreign markets.
Our DRESS GOODS have reached a popularity that is enviable.
Our LINENS are always admitted to be the best value in the market.
Our CARPETS have new designs and right values.
V
c,., v	, ...	...	-,	, T T T —People, come along 1 We have
Mr. S.la. Young, of this village ph„ „ freeh l„t of Tea on hand that can’t be «re mentioned in a recent tai-ue H» tying. beaten in price or quality (live us a an inmate of the Royal Victoria Hospital, a trial and be convinced. Wo are open of Montreal, returned from that metiiu for a few good hind quarter beef in ex
""" 0,1 Frldl,y evening last. The phy,t change for tea.	Jno. O. McGuire.
clans in the hospital pronounced l.n_____	¦¦¦mhhhbé
trouble neuralgia of the stomach. Wv Mr. Dav s, an American stock buyer are glad to say that friend Silas is much | who hitherto has done considerable busi
tv si in thi* county and neighborhood, has been travelling through the county for several days past, buying up milch cows, of which he purchased a car load or two.
GRAND CARNIVAL, MARCH 17, SHAWVILLK SKATING RINK FOUR PRIZES WILL BE AWARDED
n.McNfLLï, ID, til.
A grand Concert will held at the hall in Vinton, on the evening of St. Patrick's day, March 17'h. All are welcome.
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Office - Campbell's Bay,
Skating Carnival* are advertised foi better the following dales : —
Bristol Corner*, Match 15th.
Shaw ville, March 17th.
B. S. DOWD,MD.,C.M.
Waltham Dots.
M. M M Trinity : L. R. C P.* H., Kmubvkuh’
Licrntiat* or Faculty or Piiyhutanb and I Mr. R. J. McCredie, of the Citizen SvRotoKi, Qi.ahoow.	stuff, Ottawa, ie spending a few week»
Qffl-f A Reslttritoe In lata Dr. Astlry’s Home, Qnyon. under the parental roof, recuperating and Ofll. e hours : 8 to 12 a. in. and 7 to 9 p. in.	taking a much needed rest.
A great many people in this locality are hfflicted with grippe at present.
Cy Of Special Interest to Ladies ;
Having removed my stock of millinery to
Mr. Peter Watte was elected mayor of 1 the building adjacent to the Pontiac
Waltham & Bryson on Monday last.	House and recently occupied by Mr.
Miss	Annie Ernault was the	guest	of	A Smiley, i wish to inform my numerous
Mrs Jae. McCredie, of this village, has 1 M sa C.	Spotwo<»d last week.	customers that I now fully prepared to
H. McLELLAN	DOS moved into the building lately occupied	Miss Lizzie Campbell visited	Miss La	rm efc their requirements in the millinery
J	'	by Mrs. McKenzie, where she intends	belle on	Saturday.	line. My stuck was never larger or more j TONS and FLANNELETTES never fall
DEN TIST	opening a millinery shop.	Mr. Frank Martin of Aylmer paid » complete. Intending purchasers will d
W,.b Dr. D. Me'pher.	"""""""
Bladawaska SI.. Arnprior. I ««ter, the l.te Madame Danaereau, wife | Quite a uulllber !,{ youllg men are
home from the shanties, at which of Mis* Mary Armstrong, of Patterson, ! course the girls are all delighted as tin y N. J.t who has been visiting relatives and expect to have a fine time while the snow PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON, I friends in this locality for several months lusts.
I past, left for home on Thursday last. | The P. P. J. employees took advantage
*23%*. ..a am,^	Æ A	IF3
umcehoara-8a;m.,t4> 12 a.m.. and 7 p.m. ‘«naouta super,or cIm. of work m Mon ,„lt Bud ,htiir livery quite aa fa,t a. the fron' «heir minister or prient, Aw. II send Telephone No 2	I uments* Headstones, etc. Prices reason- lraj|l Comi| WHBt J	'hem two boxes of our Dr. Alleys Pearly
6b,e	1 I must compliment my friend Box Car	E»* P.aid' fr?e (,f =haWe for God
Chief Young, of the Ottawa Brebtigadehm hi. weekly effu.ion. in the Advance	du,yo	to help thy | Pr
ASuraiBSBSi toisa ; yrfcïs- dsir&x S ss» d’^ZrsSZuXr
y answered.	,	of the most efficient members of the '»# to write every wet-k. Rut, Silent
monthbeat S,lttWVllleflrl,t rhur8tifty°*eacb| ^on*rea* ^oroe* Other radical changes Friend, don't be too hard on our young
in the direction of its improvement will officials.
be made in the Ottawa brigade,	| Cheer up, young people, we are going
to have a wedding followed by a big dance Hooii, and you will all be invited.
OurOINGHAMS. SHIRTINGS, COT
short of pleasing everyone
Miss Annie McRae
REID BEOS.
1
Thanks.—To our patrons of I^ontiac county, we take this bilans to retprn our humble thanks for the kind words they
have written to us abnutYur Dr. Allen's | THE ARCADE STOR E,
Pearly Pebbles. We saA thanks, hun dred times. Furthermore! if any poor man or woman in delicate health and
of the postmaster of Montreal
J
G. G. STEWART,
ARNPRIOR, ONT.
I. R. C. V. AND 8., EDINBURGH
P.S.—New stock of Wall Papers and Spring Roller Blinds at remarkably low
artiiijr McConnell,
McGuire is paying the highptt price for hides and pelts. Hides 5 cts ; pelts 50 cents.
SUPERIOR COURT.
Several honor rolls and other correspondence are unavoidably held over till
DISTRICT OF PONTIAC
HENRY AYLEN,


Important to Farmers —L. D. Davie,
of Shawville, has been operating a de horning machine in this section for some time past with great have had their cattle dehorned are per __	_ fectly satisfied with the resuL. Work
(2EO. C. WRIGHT I <*°ne ftt the low price of 10 cents per
* I head. Now is the time to have it done.
Prof. Gagnon and company gave free concerte in Hudgins' hall on Thursday,
At Pontiac ilouHv.tihawvilh . on Court days I Friday a,1<* Saturday evening# of last --6th February, 6th April, let June, let Octo- week. The professor takes this means of ber .n,l 8th December.	I adverting his Indian blond modicine,
" Naw-kaw,” which has commanded an extensive sale wherever introduced. Prof Gagnon intends returning to Shawville in the summer mouths.
. . Miss Sarah Latimer, an aged domestic, who for a great many years past had
BA55SK,8r. 5ff. S55SS5 S
engage men t« for any business In conuectlon whose infirmities had confined her to her
ZadeîndUpTm^" e\^%nïa.n.tî;ed0lle0tl0n'i ,O0m dUriD* the «7“** P*" ,,f the P»»'
^ two years, — passed away peacefully on Wednesday night last. Her remain# 9 were interred in St. Paul's church burial ground on Friday afternoon.
Brymon, Feb. 26, 1897. next week
advocate;
Mull» - - - Que»

His Honor Judge Malhiot presiding
J. F Demers vs. C. McNallyJudg I the county. All marked at close prices
1 ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦G. F. Hodgins.
Floss
Largest stock of shoes and rubbers in
All wht
success
Mr. Aylen will regularly attend the session# of the Courts at Bryson.
mi nt for 810 and costs as of an action for 850 Rni for plff; Barry for deft.

India Famine Fund.
Young Girl, have you a pain jn your M Rothchilds vs. A. F. Racicot.—En I back, and do you feel as if your d/ess and délibéré. McConnell for pi If ; Gaboury cloak was a burden for you to wear, and for deft.	I most any kind ok a noise would almost
M Rothchilds vs. D. Barnier.—En dé- I *care the life out V you? Please to speak ihéié. McConnell for pltf ; Gaboury for j your mother abYut it, and if she is an
inti lligent mother ind has yoyr health at stake, she will sead and get you four boxes of uDr. Allens which will cure you « more. Mother, save
Amounts collected by Mrs. LeRoy and Mrs. L thian in the village of Bryson.
W G L. Roy...
W Lothian....
Miss Hunter...
James McLean.
R McNally....
P O'Meara. ...
W Rimer......
Bertha Gaboury Mrs F C D. Z )Uche Francis Murtagh..,
A A Smith.......
J B Smith.......
R McC Ritchie....
Robbie Ritchie....
Freddie Ritchie....
John Smith.......
Thomas Claike....
H T Hurdman......
C McCagg.........
T Merleau.......
W B Clark........
James Moore......
P MvCormac......
A McCullough.....
R H McPherson...
Capt J O Blondiu..
Capt O Bloudin....
Tilhe Maofarlsne...
W H Walsh........
C Barsalou.......
N McCuaig........
J O Tremblay .*....
Mrs R Moorhead...
Mrs Le Fleur.....
Mrs T McTiernan..
Mrs Thom Moran...
Mrs John H Clarke.
Mrs J Clarke.....
Maggie Wall......
Nellie Oatrom....
Miss Perrin......
Maud Thomson....
Maggie Paul......
W McVeigh........
Jos Brownlee.....
William Bowie....
William Bolara..,,
i
1 00
2
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.

1 00
1 00
1 00 cleft
1 00
M. Rothschilds vs. J. McGregor.—En déobéré. McConnell for plff ; Gaboury for deft.
F A. Maloney vs. Alex. Anderson.— Settled out. of court. Gaboury for plff ; Barry for deft.
Ellen Murphy vs. Alex. Brennan.— Settled 0U' of court. Barry fur plff ; He nault for deft. e
Henry Moubseau vs, Alfred Mousseau. — Proceeding. Wright for plff ; McConnell for deft.
Pearly Pebbles,’ once and for ever* your daughter from going into decline, wont you?
Address, Allison Medicine Coy.
Brock ville, Ont.
Will attend all law courts In Districts of Ottawa and Pontiac?!! required.
1 00
%
1 00
1 00
S' A. lick Al, B € L.
OTARY PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magistrates ll Oourtat Shawville . Agent for the Credit Pon-ler FraucoQauadiau. Money to lend on easy terms
H ILL: AM ELL HUT
2 00 •
2 00

1 00
1 00
The examination of candidates for the position of Government grain inspector for this county took place at the Pontiac House on Monday afternoon before the following board of examiners, namely :
Second day, Feb. 2^. The Union Bank j0hn Armstrong, Donald McRae, Thos. of Canada vs George Smith. Action «is- prendergast. The following gentlemen missed, save recoure#. Belcourt for pin ;
McConnell for deft.
1 00
25
25
50
00
1 00
50
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE :—COURT 8T., SB AW VILLE
50
entered the necessary competition, which WÊ	B B consisted of judging a varietx f sample#
R. Grant vs. P. P. J. R. Co.—Judg-1 nf grain, sent up from the Experimental ment f >r plaintiff. Wright for plff ; Me | Farm for the purpose :—Messrs. James Connell for deft
P. Condon vs. P. P. J. Co and P. P. I John Young, Andrew Grant and John uposant.—Opposition dismissed Duff. The result of the examination will Wright for p;ff ; Champagne be made known this week.
50
A timber sale has recently taken place in the Upper Dumoine between the Haw kesbury Lumber Company and Mr. Win. Mackey, the lumber merchant of Pembroke. The limits consist 125 miles and
50
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
50
00
Hodgina, Hugh Hobbs, Janies Horner,
50
TT| M. MoLBAN,Proprietor, Maiust.Quyon,Que. I P[}°* lhy viv*ll,,y of $125,000.
JL/e This house le in every wayfurnlshed to a Mord * Hawkeshury Lumber Company weie ¦ callout Aticomuiodatlon for the travelling public, the purchaser» and the sale was negotiated
hy «h« W.,1 known timber explorer. P. H.
th* best brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigars . Good | "'ton Of 1 embroke LI v »ry t n Connection.
50
J. Co
with costs
25
25
f-tr opposant.
Dame J. A. Perrault and vir vs. Dame
Brooke
25
Farkman Kotos.
25
Vi. McDonald. En d	6, ------- <A _.	_ „
for plff ; Aylen f.»r deft.	| March 10.—Times are very dull around
D^ine J. A. Perrault et. al. vs. Francis here just now, about all 1 see is farmers
Murtagh and the Merchants Bank, Inter- drawing logs to Mr. Joseph Brown’s mill.
venant. En délit éré. Brcke fur plff ;	1 "ee that Mr T 8- Dvan 18 ab,« t0 b«
Barry for deft, and intervenant ; A X. «round again af'er an attack of îagrinpe. Talbot, counsel.	Miss Aggie Telford and Mr. Frank
J. H Connelly vs. P. P. J. R Co — Hughes were the guests of Mrs Stewart. Motion for writ of possession.—En défi- Whaf happened the crowd that was go* hé.é. Aylen. for plff; Champagne for ,n«-f,.r a drive last week? Look out, dyft	J Bill, I guess you are not smart enough.
MÈËmÈÈÊmamËamÈÊÊÊÊamÊmÊÈÊÊÊÊmÊÊÊÊÊmmÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊmmmÊmw
25
Readers, let us tell you this on the*
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE,IEsiSrSÇnm
HHC* Turpain * - Prop.	I to any weak man, weak wonUn, or pqle,
gkl. |TaSl
fllHIR hotel h»« been recently opened for	them a trial ; mother, give them a
A the public accommoda Hon, and has ! trial ; daughter, try them and the# will
",,,e	make you plump, rosy, and bwtif.il,
B»*r furnished with choice liquor* and elf- healthy. Two boxes, post paid,.for $1.
.•	LVnp'rXm.:| AddrW« Alli"'n Mtid" C'>-	0.
The to| at the Epworth League meeting on Wednesday evening last, was “The Resurrected Lord
Mr. Coates and Mias M. Matheson
26
25
25
25
25
25
25
25
50
25
25
A*k for a sample car card of our ready mixed paints. New and attractive shade* for spring
lng
25
3oys for Farmers.
A party of boys is expected at the Remember that Dr. Allen’s Pearty I Marchnomt H »me, Belleville, early in Pebbles have no bnight nor cooked re ! April. The ages will he from 7 to 14 ; c< mmendsiions ; theiiVbenefit* are living U„me for adoption, the older ones for witnesses. Then we nsV yu this :	Hwv»- |	They are bright, healthy lads,
ck fii'in strained willing	uw to please those wl
then we fay six | „d'»pt or hire them. Applications with
minister’s reference may be sent to
Rev. Robert Wallace,
March ment H me,
Belleville.
25
PONTIAC HOUSE fihawvlllf,
rpilIR HOU8E Is rtrsGcUs* In every respect,	on the subject. After the service
X. being roomy, neat, comfortable and « short musical program was rendered and	OK
eees&SESSS zmzzz&ALi :z	a • r,r 41
ed. Ouest* treated with courtesy and civil- served. It was expected that the mem- Gentlemen,—Dn»p in and see our new Moneys I ir you nave.
MStisrjsa &	r.% n %» KVS S’
O. CALDWELL,	PROPRIETOR. prevented them attending.	convincing prices. G. F. Hodoins. b,,xe*;	P8'rt> ,(’r
•	son M #d ici ne Co., Brook vi!W, Out
G. F. Hodoîn*
26
Isa, 26
Que.
24
6 8
25
me*n jtist ex TW th^ni. Tw. vAddrew, ÀUi


?aggp



###PAGE###2###
or women. Saul whs b tender man at h Nirt. as mv know from fuller acquaintance; but t*fndarnea# is nut unfroquent-
ly allied with inlUvxlbilitj; and Saul, , l sure ht* was r.gnt. locked up hie feel* , ings And sympathies, and inexorably r | pursued bia pi ma Bring them bound to Jursuuiein. AX>br things, they would know their fare aa whjui a# they start-id! The re was no mercy now at Jerusalem for such aa tlaw. ,
8. As bo Juurtieyea. There were three main roads troiu Jerusalem to 1 kunuavUM, and w huche vur Paul took, journey (by horseback probably) would last five or six days. Waether he went along the Egyptian caravan track* which crusses eastward north of tbe lake of Tiberias; or by the Petra road/ which crosses the J or dun near Jericho and proceeds almost dinot 1 y northward;
¦by the Roman road, which passes through the middle of Samaria and crues#ni the Jordan south of the Lake Tiberias, we do not know. Suddenly. Am (iod’a revelations often come; buti lu» heart had been gradually prepared for this feuddea Law at of conviction* There shined ...a light frc#u heaven. It waa 41 about noonday," Acts 22, 6; bug the light was * above the brightness of the sun," Acts 26 13. It ia child’s ploy to try to make these words of Luke describe a flash of lightning Bound sIkwuI bun. Affecting his companions as well am himself. Bee Acta 26. 13, 14; 22. V. flee also our note on verse 7.
4.	Fell to the earth. Overwhelmed by the suddenness and splemlUr of the vision- Heard a voice saying "Lu Uw* Hebrew language,” 'Acts 26. 14. X\ hy jx'rsecutest thou met Inasmuch as he had dtaie it to one of the least of t'hrist's servants, he had done it to
him	.
5.	He said. Saul said. Who art thou, 1. ,rdf A quest ion of conscience, not of i neology. If the unswtir to this question had lie*'n invented by theologians we might expect a definite statement of the divinity of ouir Lord or a definite denial oi it, accounting to their creed, but the answer is simply, 1 nro Jesus wbo*n thou j eirsecutest. An an-*wnr w bach, with the command that follows, must lawn stirred Saul s sensitive conscience to its depths. Question and answer U>:h imply t liat haul saw Jesus as wedl as foeant him; implioathm made again in verse 17, by An mias’s words in vwse 27. by th« words of Barnabas, and again in Acta 22. 14; 26. 16; 1 ttg. 9. 1; 15. 8. Indeed, the apjH*aranoc of Jesus to Haul on this recast ou scoàus to bo the nuiin grounci <>f his personal test Lino a v notion of our Lord. The verse and the sixth verse down to the words • Arise and go into the city are omitted from the 4ext by the Be-vised Version, and in hannuny with all competent scholars. Th*ty were evidently written in here l>y setme copyist to harmonize this story with Acta 26. 14, and 22. 10. because of the 1ms-laken notion that two stories must bo identical to agree, whew really one of the most convincing proofs of the truth id any fact is thri essential agreement of differing narratives. But one part
of our Lord s statement as given in
I t is Isvrd
¦
(b*si>el to has own countrymen»
M
SSSfra &
one*	"«V«*
charger of eternal defeat.
hua often since the close of the Bible dispensation, appeared to people m
All dreams that make you bet ter aie from God. llow do I know it f Is no God the source of all good t U AM not take a very logical uiuhI to aig' that out. Tertullian and Martin but iter believed in dreams. The dreams o John Hums are immortal. Hi. Augustine, the Christian father give* ue the fact that a Carthaginian phystvian was persuaded of the immortality ot the soul by an argument *bich m heard in a dream. 1 he iright before hit assassination the wife o* *,ullua
('nesar dreamed that her husband fel divid across her lnp. It is possible to prove that God does appear in dreams to warn, to convert and to save men.
y friend, a retired sea captain ami a Christian, tells me that one mgnt while on the sea he dreamed that a ship's crew were in great suffering. Waking up from hi* dream, be put aluiut the ship tacked in different direction—surprised everyUnly on the vessel—they thought he was going crazy—«ailed on in another direction hour after hour, mul for many hours, until he came to the perishing crew and rescued them And brought them to New York. Who conducted that <1 reami The God of the sea.
In 1895 a vessel went out from 1 it*» head for West India and ran against, the ledge of rvtks called the Caskets, The vessel went down but the crew olamhered up on the Caskets, to die of thirst or starvation as they su imposed. Hut there was a ship bound lor Southampton that, had the captain » ana on board. This lad twice in one night dreamed that there was a crew of sailors dying on the Caskets. Ho told hie father od his dream. T he vessel camel down by the (\iskets in time to find and rescue thiwe poor dying men. Who conducted that <ireami Tine God of Uie rocks, the God of the
I atedf Every dream, whether agreeable or harassing, w be t her sunshiny or le ruin ueb that, rising
kneel
THE PHANTOMS
lest lieu», means su rom your couch, you ought, to down and #»y: ' O God! am 1 immortal?
Whence? Whither? Two nature» My soul caged now —what when the door oi the cage is opened? If uiy soul cun fly so far in the few hours in which my liody is asleep in t hr night , how far van it fly when my hv<kv »leei*i the long sleep of the gravel G hi this power to dream, how mart ling* how overwhelming? If prepared tor the after-death flight, >\ hat an enchantment! If not piepared for t tie uiier-death flight, what a crushing agonal Immortal. Immortal!
Remark the third; The vast majority of dreams are merely the result of disturbed physical vondition, and are not
a supernatural message.
Job had carbuncle», and he was svar-
Thou scar-

OF THE NIGHT I
A PSYCHOLOGICAL STUDY OF THE MIND DURING SLEEP.
lliOll
A» an Kvldenrc of Imniovlnllljr Dream# Have a Hlgnldeanee, lays Kev.
Tu I uni ge - W liai Their Henning Pro lend#.
Hr.
hi#
Rev. Dr. Talmage preached a very re-markable sermon, the subject being a psychological and religions study of 1 he phenomena of the mind during sleep, and the significance of dreams as evidence of immortality. The text chosen from Genesis 28. 14 atones of that place and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep, and he dreamed.'*
Asleep on a pillow-case filled with bens' feathers, it is not strange one should have pleasant dreams there is a pillow of rock, and Jacob with his head on it, and lo 1 a dream of angels, two processions, those coming down the stairs met by those going up the stairs. It is the first dream of Bible record dream that it is nocturnal fantasis, or that it is the atwurd combination of waking thoughts, and with a slur of intonation you may say, " It is only a dream," but God has honored the dream by making it the avenue through which again and again He has marched upon the human soul, decided the fate of nations, and changed the course of the world’s history. God appeared In a dream to Abimelech, warning him against an unlawful marriage ; in a dream to Joseph, foretelling his coming power under the figure of all the sheaves of the harvest bowing down to his sheaf; to the chiefhutler, foretelling his disimprisonment,; to the chief baker, announcing his decapitation ; to Pharaoh, showing him first the seven plenty years, and then the seven famine-stricken years, under the figure of the seven fat cows devouring the seven lean cows ; to Solomon, giving him the choice between wisdom and riches and honor ; to the warrior, under the figure of a barley cake smit ing down a tent, encouraging Gideon in his battle against the Amale-kitee ; to Nebuchadnezzar, under the figure of a broken image and a hewn down tree, foretelling his overthrow of power ; to Joseph, of the Nlpw Testament, announcing the birth of Christ in his own household ; to Mary, bidding her fly from Herodie persecutions ; to Pilâtes wife, warning him not to become complicated with the Judicial overthrow of Christ.
We all admit that God in ancient times and under Bible dispensation addressed the people through dreams. The question now is, does God appear ir. our day and reveal Himself through dreams t That is the question everybody asks, and
morning 1 shall try to answerH ask me if* 1 believe in dreams. My answer is, 1 do believe in dreams, but all I have to say will lie under five heads.
Remark the first : The Scriptures are •o full of revelation from God .that if we get no communication from Him in dreams, we ought, nevertheless, to be satisfied.
Bound sleep Received great honor when Adam slept so extraordinarily that the surgical incision which him Eve did not wake him ; but is no such need for extraordinary slumber now, and he who catches an Eve must needs he wide awake 1 No need for such a dream as Jacob had with a ladder against the sky. when ten thousand times it had l>een demonstrated that earth and heaven are in communication. No such dream needed as that which was given to Abi-tnelech, warning him against an unlawful marriage, when we have, the records of the county clerk's office. (No leed of such a dream as was given to Pharaoh about the seven years of famine, for now the seasons march in regular procession, and steamer and rail-train carry bread-stuffs to every famine-struck nation. No need of a dream like htat which encouraged Gideon for all through Christendom it is announced and acknowledged and demonstrated that righteousness, sooner or later, will get the victory.
If there should come about a crisis in your life upon does not seem to be sufficient specific, go to God in prayer and you will get especial directions. I have more faith, ninety-nine times out of a hundred, in directions given you with the Bible in your lap and your thoughts uplifted in prayer to God, than in all the information you will get unconscious on your pillow. I can very easily understand why the Babylonians and the Egyptians, with no Bible, should put so much stress on dreams ; and the Chinese, in their holy book. Chow King: should think their emperor gets his directions through dreams from God; and that Homer should think that all dreams came from Jove, and that in ancient times dreams were classified into a science ; hut why do you and I put so much stress upon dreams when we have a supernal Book of infinite wisdom on all subjects ? Why should we harry ourselves with dreams f Why should Eddystone and Barnegat. lighthouses question mer fire-fly ?
Remark the second an important meaning!:
They prove that the soul is com-ivelv independent, of the body.
closed, the senses are dull, the entire body goes intoe lethargy, which in all languages is used as a type of death, aiw then the soul spreads its wing and never sleeps, it leaps the Atlantic Ocean, and mingles In scenes three thousand miles away. It travels great reaches of time, flashes back eighty years, and the octogenarian Is a boy agnin in his father’s house. If the soul, before it has entirety broken its chain of flesh, can do all this, how far can it leap, what circles can It cut when it is fully liber-

or
M
ed in the night. He says «•si me with dreams and terriiieet me with visions Solomon had an overwrought brain, overwrought with public business, and he suffered from erratic slumber, and he writes in hc-
"A dream cometh through
” Dr. Gre-with dreams hot water put
' He took the
clesiast lea:
the multitude of business
gory, iu experimenting found that a bottle oil on his feet while iu slumber maue mm think that he was going up the hot sides of Mount Et mi- Anot her morbid physician, experimenting with dreams, his feet uncovered through sleep, thought he was riding in an Alpine
the
Hut
the
fHP SUNDAY SCHOOL.
diligence. Hut a great many dreams merely narcotic dist urUuioe. Any-
¦¦w hi le under the in-
‘‘has-
laudamim. is not a revela-The learned De Quin- -r
___________ ______ __i saw in sleep,
opium saturated ; dreams which be alterward described in the following
words:	"I was
sacrificed, 1 fled from the
Asia
You may way of a
are
thing that you see while umter fluence of chloral or brandy, or heesh,” vr .. tion from God
ooy did not ascribe to divine munication what he t
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. MARCH- 14.
»
*‘Until l hr Perurreter, Onverled.** Arl* 6-I IS, IT 10. l.ei«Ivii Text, I Tim. I I»
G EN K RIAL 8TATBM ENT.
We are to regard the story of l>hil-J ip's adventures in Samaria aiul ou tho desert jy*ond to Gaza as am extended parenthesis, ami to take up this lesson as a continuation of the which was laid down at tin* third verso of the last chapter. Saul, the fiery young zealot who led in the martyrdom of Stephen and the persecution of the Jerusalem Church, was a native of I arena in Asia Minor, descended from pure Jewish stock, of 'the tribe of Benjamin, of a family possessing the privilege of Roman (htizenship been trained in the law under Gamaliel, the greatest rabbi of tliat age, and was evidently a leading spirit among* the young mon of Judaism. Damascus, the scene of our lesson to-<L\y, is one of the oldest cities in the world has been faynims in all ages for the beauty of its surrounding# and for its wealth of trade and manufacture. lL has been repeatedly the seat of imperial power tiou is estimated at about one humUed and twenty thousand, and it was much larger and more populous in time.
worshipped. 1 was
_________ *_ ,i wrath of
through all the forces of Vishnu hated me. Sceva laid in wait for me. 1 came suddenly upon Isis and Osiris. I bad done a deed, they said, that made the crocodiles
1 was buried for a thousand
stone coffins, with mummies
chambers at 1 was
sea
The Rev. Dr. Bushnell. in his mar-veJous book, entitled; "Nature and the Supernatural," gives the following fact that he got from Captain Yount, in California, a fact confirmed by many families:	Captain	Yount dreamed
twice one night that one hundred and fifty miles away t lit re was w company of travelers fast in the snow . He also saw iu the dream rocks of peculiar formation, and telling hm dream to an odd hunter, the hunter said: "Why. I remember those rooks, those rocks are in the Carson Valley Base one hundred and fifty mues away." Captain Yount, impelled by this dream, although laughed at by hia ighbors, gathered men together, took mules and blankets, and started iuit: on the expedition traveled one hundred and fifty miles, saw those very rocks which he had descrilied in his dream, and finding the suffering ones at the foot of those rocks, brought them back to confirm the story of Captain Yount. Who conducted that dreamt The God of the snow, the God
of the Sierra Nevada#.
God has often appeared in dreams
You have
narrative
tremble
an
years in
and sphinxes, in narrow the heart of eternal pyramids kissed with the cancerous kiss of crocodiles, and lay confounded with unutterable slimy things among wrathy and Nilotic mud." Do not mistake narcotic disturlwnoe for divine revelation.
But f have to tell you that the majority of the dreams are merely the penalty of outraged digestive organs, and you have no right to mistake the nightmare for heavenly revelation. Late suppers are a warranty deed tor bad dreams. Highly-spirited salads at eleven o'clock at night, instead of opening the door heavenward, open the door infernal and diabolical. You outrage natural laws, and ycAl insult tlie God who mad#' those laws, it takes from three to five hours to digest food, and you have no right to keen your digestive organs in struggle when the rest of your body is in somnolence. 1 ha general rule is, eat nothing after six o'clock at night, retire at ten, sleep your right side, keep the window-open five inches for ventilation, and
oilier worlds will not disturb you much
take
to the resurrect of this
lie lwui
ne
It
to rescue and comiort known people—perhaps it is something i state in ydur own experience—you have seen people go to sleep with bereavements inconsolable, and they awakened in perfect resignation bc-of what they had seen in sluni-IDr. Cran nage, one of the most remarkable men 1 ever meb—remarkable for betnevtience and great philanthropies—at Wellington Eng laud,showed me a house where t he Lord= had appeared in a wonderful dream to a poor woman. The woman was rheumatic, sick, poor to the last point of destitution. She was waited un and caned for by another poor woman, her unty attendant. Wind came to her unie day that thispoor woman had died and the invalid of whom lain speaking lay helpless* upon the couch wondering what would become of her. In that mood she feftl asleep. In her dreams she said the Angetl of the Lord appeared. a mb took her into the open air and pointed in one direction, and there were mountains# of bread, and pointed in another direction, and there was mountains of butter, and in another direction, and there w ere mountains of kinds off worldly supply. The Angel of the Lord said to her: "Woman.»all these mountains belong Father, and do you think that lie will .	.	„ let you. His child, hunger and die ?"
Another remark 1 make is that our 1)r Crannage told me by some divine dreams are apt to be merely the echo impulae y* went into that deetipute of our day thoughts.	home, saw the suffering there, and
I will give you a recipe for pleasant) administered unto it, caring for her dreams : Fill your days with elevated all the way through. l>o mot tell me thought and unselfish action, and your that dream was woven out of earthly dreams will be set to music. If all day anodynes 1 Was that the phanta^ma-you are gouging and grasping and goria of a diseased brain f No; it was avaricious, in your dreams you will an all-sympathetic Goa addressing a see gold that you cannot clutch, and poor woman through a dream bargains in which you are out-shy- Porthermore, 1 have to	|
locked. If during the day you are iras- there axe people in 'tlus house w hu
get the best of you. If you are a dom, while a prof 1 gate	°u shdp-
day long in a hurry, at night you will board, in ho» dmim, thought that a dream of rail-trains that you want to being approached him anil gave him a catch while you cannot move one inch very beautiful rmg, and pat it toward the depot.	, his finger and said to him, As long
If you are always over suspicious as you wear that ring* you will be
and expectant of assault you have at prospered; . y“u_ losJ;. t;hat night hallucinations of assassins with will be ruined.* In the same dr daggers drawn. No one wonders that another personage appeared, and by a Richard III., the iniquitous, the night ei range infatuation persuaded J « din lie fore the battle of Bos worth Field Newton to throw that ring overboard,
nit The scholar's dream in a rhythmic White John Newton was repeutîngi of echo. Coleridge composed his "Kubla his folly in having thrown overboard Khan" asleep in a narcotic dream, and the treasure another personage came waking up, wrote dow n three hundred through the dream and to d John lines of it. Tart ini, the violin player, Newton he would plunge into t he sea composed his most wonderful sonata and bring the ring up if he desired it. while asleep in a dream so vivid that He plunged into the ^ b™ugkt w-rking he easily transferred ,t to it	d^Ul keep i!
1 Waking thoughts have their echo for you, lest you l<we it again; and in sleeping thoughts. If a man spends John Newrton consented, and all the his life in trying to make others happy, fire went out from the mountains, and and is heavenly minded/ around his all the signs of lurid wrath disappeared pillow he will see cripples who have from the air, and John New ton said !rot over their crutch, and processions that he saw in his dream that valuable of celestial imperials, and hear the gem was bis soul and that the being grand march roll dow n from the drum# who pertsiaded him to throw it over-®TB	¦ jasper parapets. You board was Satans and that the One
near in dreams what who plunged in and restored that gem,
keeping it for him was Christ. And that dream makes one or the most wonderful chapters in the life of that most wonderful man.
A German was crossing i ocean, and in his dream he with a handful of white flowers, and he was told to follow the man who had that handful of white flowers. The German arriving in New York wandered into the Fulton street prayer meeting, and Mr. Lamp bier—whom ' many of you know—the great apostle of prayer meetings, that day had given to him a bunch of tuberose*. Th stood on his desk; and at t he close 6f the religious services he took the tube-
Acts 26 is here reproduced for th«*e to kick against the pricks. This figure, which our Lord certainly used on this occasion, Acts 26. H, is derived from oxen driven by a goad, wiio, if balky and bad Utimwovd, may kick, but their kicking will only cause the in ad to pierce deeper; so the truth ot God was piercing haul’s conscience, and the more turbulently he resisted the more painfully was he convicted ol me
fault.	(
6 Go into the city. Continue your
journey to Damascus. It shall lie told
, W what. 'b^VrU turt^Td.r^
Even now its popula-
on
Paul's
cause
physical mistreatment you ladder that Jacob saw in his dream and you lower it to the other world allowing the ascent of the demoniacal. Dreams are midnight dyspepsia. An unregulated desire for something to eat keeps it ruined. 1 he world during six thousand years has tried in vain to digest that first apple. The world will not lie evangelized until we get rid of dyspeptic Christianity. Healthy people do not want this cadav-rous and steeply thing that some people c4.ll religion. They w ant a religion that lives regularly by day and sleeps soundly by night. If through trouble or coming on ot old age, or exhaustion of Christian service you cannot sleep well, then you may expect from God "songs in the night," but there are no blessed communications to those w ho willing surrender to indigestibles.
Napoleon's army at Leipsic, Dresden,
being de-
By
her
PRACTICAL NOTES.
Verse 1. Saul, Who, when we met him last, was making havoc of the Church, entering into "every house,” and hauling followers of Jesus, both inwi and women, to prison Yet I*rebbing out threaten!ngs and slaughter. Land in mine
"Yet” indicates the jmssing of time— Lions.	.
a month or so, perhapa-Uuring which ?	^ vumi>an-
events of uhaptetr 8 may tliave occur- ums jn travel. blood sjieeohless, hear-red. The indignant prejudice of uth- ing a voice, but seeing no inan. In ere against the Chrisiian community Acts 22. 9, w« rvsut,	A. 11
gradually faded, hut Saul was bitten	be**Tu»T voil, of him that
"yet.” The word "out” should be	to me.” Two statements wluctt
omitted. He breathed the spirit of per- seem at first not to agree, but which, seeulion and murder. Everything that examined, agree with	fFJ uiVt
hr saw anil lward, evoryibmg that he ^bfard^iT voice, but they «aw uo did and said, iuctrea-xed his turbulent porS),n and heard no words. ' l be deantagonism to Whe disciples of the vx>ut and intelligent student of oertp-
Lord. Went unto the high priest. This	ti.nvmcing proof of
high iciest was probably Ihevphilus, Ult,	truth of the narrative, the
brother and successor of Jonathan, who absence of all ©ndeavvW to pare away in turn had succeeded Chiaphas, the apparent, inconsistencies or to TWia*
w .........- uw - y&r-sssny; “tit».
tried. Both Jonathan and Ihevphilus ^is t(.8tiin«ny to things seen and heard
were sons of Annus (Ananus) and bro- under the guidance, not of the #P^rit thers-in-law of Uuaptius.	ui tsindage, but of that Spirit ot whom
2. Letters. \\ ntteu (see Acts 22. 5) it. is said, "Where the Spirit of the Jx>ra in the name of "all the estate of the is there is liberty.” , 1 •	....
elders;' in other words, with the full 8. Saul arose from the earth. *> nere authority of the Sanhedrin The high doulAless luul lakn long *.[er , 1H priest doubtless w rv. e the tetters, and com pi mous had (risen, am* w“llex,l?^ in this ixise he scums to have been 8iill stood speechless ni fe^iia winei» pres.deut of the buuhedrin. Damascus h s eyes were opened he s.uw nlJ is, according to tradition (to history In Acts 22 11, he sa-ys, I °J*yta also, so tar as it reaches), the oldest see fur the glory of theut light.
City in the world; it it has a rival ex- bad just seen One whom none ut ne isting it is the Uiwn of llvbron in l^i- others could see. The nature ot tns testine. It has had a varied history; blindness we do not know, but read a -was l anions as far back as the time ten lively verse 18. ll**t c^iui n.m of Abraimu; was the scat of a mon- chronic weakness of eyes from this tune axchy subdued by David; became the forward is a favorite theorv, and many center of rhe later empire of Syria; believe that this was histhdmin ms for a while exacted tribute from both fh*b Led him by the hastd. treateo Israel and Judah; later was sub>cte<l him Ls oue must treat blind people, by Israel; then became an ally of Is- |jui he was much m<tre than merely rael until overthrown by Tiglath-pi- 1 blind See the nert verse. Brought Jeser of Assyria. in later uemunes* him into Damascus. And very ukt*0 io it was subjected by Babylon, Persia, a-n inn in that city.	.	. . .
and the Romans. At the time of Paul’s n i£e was three days without signt, conversion it seems to have been sub- 4mj DeiUw did eat nor drink. Douot-ordinate to A ret as, King of Arabia^ Pss n those three days he was in Damascus became for a wnde the most a,^,, igony of soul. Bis fasting was renowned metropolis of the whole Mo- certainly not ritualistic. Appetite tor hainmedan world. At present it is a. all earthlv help had gone; remorse!ui large city. Its fame for i>eauty of all(| SUppfiant for heavenly help, D» surroundings lias lasted through the j waa indifferent to all earthly a*aisl’ otuiiunes. I t is in t lie heart of uuo of the loveliest of oases To the syn-
Tbat is, to the presidents of the synagogues which reside ted the authority of the high priest and the Sanhedrin. What power they had to carry out th» orders of the Sanhedrin against Christian men and women do not kjaow Any of this way should be "any of The Way”—the earliest descriptive epithet given to the Christians See Acts 16. 17; 18. 26; 19. 9: 22, 4; 24. 14 22. But why sluaild Paul
the

that question this
You
t
with
q>
and Borodino came near stroyed through the disturbed gastric juices of its commande»". That is the way you have lost some of your bat-11
gave
there
all
to your
say ihat
He
which the Bible
you
earn
mm
agoguea
we
a sum-
of heaven over
are very apt to	.
you hear when you aie wide awake.
Now having shown you that having a Bible we ought to be satisfied not getting any further communication from God, and having shown you that all dreams have an important mission, since they show the comparative independence of the soul from the body, and having shown you that the majority of dreams are a result of disturbed physical condition, and having shown you that our sleeping thoughts are apt to be an echo of our waking thoughts, I come now to my fifth and most important remark, and that is to say, that- it is capable of proof that God does sometimes in our day, and
All dreams have
want to go
to Damascus? Evidently because there were already Christians there. They may have fled there from Saul's persecutions, and his purpose may have been to follow up some already proscribed in Jerusalem who may have escaped.
But it is not unlikely that much earlier than this Christianity was planted	_	__
there by converts who had returned	AFTER A LONG WALT.
r	*s£ a..» -L,*, iw
poured. Anenins's words in verse 13 Vennea, the ancient Venusmm, win re
would" wem *<> imp** the> first of these Horace was barn, has decided to erect suppositions whether they were men e monument to him
«T*
1 I
th^ Atlantic i saw a man
eves are
ey

______d.
###PAGE###3###
Stotts £trvul&tcrv,
BL1TINQ ON THE RAIN.
WESTERN ASSURANCE CO.’Ï ™ *«»™s to live.
Tfc* Oefwreel ti*mbilng ««me
Witrld le Played *1 f aire||«.
One of the moat ourioils forma of gambling in the world ia "rain gam-
blmff/' which afcjthl* season of the year I Th» annual meeting cuf shareholders is at Its height in Calcutta. Tim nrin- tho alx>ve ooiiifMOky was held at its
£2,”£*• » - c.u.« sis* iSi'iffl ats^ha:
. Hurra Bazaar.	• dent, occupied the chnif, and Mr. U«
No one who has not visited the place V. Foe ter, having been appointed to acO
CM twvo any conception of the vast “el,tieoreUrjr *" i4®	reed
Bn/. far .	. ' ' ry *UM,r of	In presenting the annual report of ; Mr. David Moore is a well known and
ana iar into mgbt pass in and out. the business of the oumpnmy /or the much esteemed farmer living in the The great majority are Mawaris who	•uding 61st DecemUor, I860, the county of Carle Lon, some nix miles from
"r «• -	e a.
j i my or well to do Europeans, the premium receipts, the revenue ao physicians failed to agree as to his ail-Eurasians. Jew's. Armenians and oounl Bhowa a profit on the years ment. Not only this but their treat-6 reeks, and women too All aw arm transactions of $119,708.46. Out of this ment failed to restore him to health.
«!.°™lvra*"	...... tf «.‘ST.1’ A"2s&	si: \ S'- i-jBs "zrzzznt
ge rorm oI gntnbling is carried, dtolared; $5,752.38 bus been written off storation to health. He says:—"My on, through a narrow entrance I tare- for depreciation in stwuriües, and the first sickness came on me when 1 warn ly three feet wide The courtyard te boflanoe added to nWve fund, which ÜU years of age Prior to that 1 had
;X2*.i.Su'cæw.'ï
i laineri tank wit h a spout falling in- of business Iranxaoted, the ajiiount	in bad health generally. 1 went gineer and a mathematician. He was Shiloh’s Communptkm Curs
to the courtyard is the one spot where n*œs*ary to provide for running olf the to North Gbwer to consult a doctor, ;	once a minister	of	state. He has writ- whene	others faiL	It	is	the	leering
all eyes are fix«d tk* *ani,	liability on unexpined policies is $2&- who after examining me said, Mr.	ten	fifty-two	plays.	Cough	Cure,	end no	home ehuuLd	he
at t hi „» , J	1 , k	804.88 lee» than at Use close of lttA Moore 1 am very sorry to tell you that	-- ' without it. P easemt U taire sod
i .a*f 01 & 8econ,i floor roof. It After making provision for this and your case is very serious, so much so ! THEY WORKED WONDKRfl* right to the wot.
IS atxiut six feet long by four feet a,i ^tiier Labilities, the net surplus that I doubt if you can live two months i	  *pr	a*v
wide and nine inch** deep, with the has been incmised to $316,252.34	lie said my trouble wag a combination Two Years of
sTiSiïï'Ci	^	*
UUS it will 1)6 seen that it requires	the officers and agents of the	company	smoke which he said might relieve me.	a hew Boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills,
a pretty heavy downpour for at least	during the pu.at year «.	I took neither because l felt sure 1 had	| o*en Sound March 1 (SneciaD—The
ten minutes to cause the spout to How. SUMMARY OF TIIE FINANCIAL neither trouble be said, and that he did people of this town are talking auain
drl“l-v. which partly till	BTATHMldNT.	not understand my ca.se Two da,» lat- Another o£. lilted toIW.T‘d
to «lift	C4>“nt- « tlle idtower Total oush in com»..	|2,836,727.93 ® J 1 went to Ottawa and consulted one ney Pilla. This ia the case of Mr. W.
edlv an,l tff.L1^' 1°”“ unmlerrupt-	ToUl ul^ndiLure. includ-	of the most prumment phyeiciaus there.	Cruse. caretaker of down buildings,
euiv. and then the bets are won or	lng appropriation tor	1,6 8ave * thorough exammaUbn and	wb<l when Been, bad this to eay of the
1 losses unde? adjustment.	8,217,019.62	pronounced my ailment heart trouble,	n*tler:-
-------- and «nid 1 was liable in my present	"Kor over two years I have been an
... # 119,708.41	”ndjl!°” to drop dead at any moment,	intense «sufferer from kidney	disease
i -------------- 1	1 decided to reimumin the city for some , with occasional acute attacks	of in-
Dividend» on stock . • 100,000.00 l'™*» and undergo hi» treatment. lie «animation of the bladder."
Total asset» ___ 2,824,427.11* wrote a few hue. on a piece of paper "Was under doctor's treatment and
, ,	,	-------giving my name and place of resid- t^e l)e»n compelled to resort to in-
Which „r«	!Btoh tower- ln Keeerve fund ..,. 1,OWO,SW8 21/ euoe and trouble, Uj| carry in my p.«k- gtromental relief many times.
tf.ti .ned five .V	"*?	I?leD>	Ci»b capital .   1,000,000.00	»tjo case I should die suddenly. 1 did	"i have taken eighteen boxes of
ti^v enH 1 *'An ,vL^,	horl.zotl	Subscribed	capital . 1,000,000.00	seem U. be getting any better under	Dodd's Kidney Pills and am
otoeely and report ou the formation	y	-------the treatment and «ua.ly left the city with nwults being perfectly relieved
, ,,	tbese re‘,orUl the Security to policyholders. ^080,908.21 determined to consult a doctor nearer of goffering."
odds rise or fall.	J	...	boms. 1 was again examiuod ami the
A I iet in ail e and won one clay is al- ,	.e	rbi*>rt^ of the y^re	idea that I bad heart disease was acout-
ways jiaid the following morning. Ev- having been read, the I resident, m ed, the doctor saying there was many erything sec ins to Im "on the aciuare," u*uvlih< itaadoption, elated that he was a man following the plow whose heart and. indeed, there is little chance for	lw able to nay that the	was in a worse shape than mice. 1 recreating. The odds range as high as	bben marked by any m i mua ^^d under the treatment of tins
1 to 75 on some days, even in the rainy individual loa-si-.s such ah he had had to doctor for a long time, but got no bet-
aea»on. Many have made a fortune in	^ l lY jasL ana4Ua^	teri Then my case was made worse
a single day. One person recently won j he business of the company had »een ^ an attack of la grippe, which left over £5.000 in the course of a few corned out upon the same lines as ha i^t,md it a terrible pain in my neck
weeks. But he worked the system on been followed in the past, am h'	' and shoulders. This became ao severe
scientific methods.	,	auiUi* as shown in th» atateiuentssukH	til4it A (xmld uol
1 #=###	WMM&
r rr	«ÉSS	kzïasm	SS==	—“
STSJST	IS “L a*«BK	eiecHe	sSSSSS
mmssimmwm
mmm
®«t .nm toils I	M .sttuhrnr
gain of close upon $38,600 was shown in	year and thank God that 1 am
HHEéilSraC'^ h smLE»s: ™"LFL°ï.li0110
thought, might be taken, without fur- I ^ a person of my .ige they are an	BVERY FFB8DAY
nroZC'th.^™mw““Laf^un5 %bt^^Tr^%n:ffw'%tL: During March and April
iim: i euDlovod sorsrsl of U.O footing, and that the officers and I nothmg else than Pmk Pills could have
...____^T.,tdE“.,:r»ass	«'Sic,'
year wUBout receiving much bentdl. I then esta of shareholders, and at the same blood, build up the nerves, and thus bfgan using your South smerica® Kidney time maintaining for the "Western" the drive disease from the system. In bun-
m( «ymptom of tbtdi '	seconded the adoption of the report, m^ryel among \ lie t r uinphs of modern
Ml ml III HUI HHHi which was carried unamimously.	medical science. The genuine Pink
A COMIC AFFAIR.	. The election! of directors for the en- Pills are sold only in boxes, hearingthe i
you get a valentine this year, suing year was then proceeded with,	full	trade	mark, “ Dr.	Williams’ Mnk !	lYQk
Mi«« Flderlv f	and resulted in the unanimous re-eleo-	Pills	for Pale People.	Protect your- 1	lz	'
Vei { did ! she snaoped, and now I’m tion of the following gentlemen, viz.,	self	from	imposition by	refusing any
iust iving low to see if 1 can’t find Horn* Geo. A. Cox. Hon. S. C. Wood, Pill that does not bear the registered oït who sent it. Then she gave her Messrs. Robert Beaty. G. R. R. Cock- trade mark around the box. extra twist that brought one burn, George MaMurrich, H. N. Baird nearly to the crown of her head. W. R. Brook. J. K. Osborne and J.J
Kenny.	I wonder why Slimson had so many
At a meeting of the Board of Direc- kinds of cheese at his Welsh rarebit tors, held sulwetraently, eH<>n. George party Î
A. Cox was re-elected President, and He probably believes that in union Dr Agnew’s Liver Pills Are a Plea- Mr. J.J. Kenny Vice-President for the there is strength.
sent and Safe Liver Regulator-Tbey ensuing year. _
1 Counteract
Is Ike
THAT WAS WHAT A DOCTOR TOLD MR. DAVID MOORE.
FORTY-SIXTH ANNUAL MEETING OF SUIAflUmOLDERS.
0Î Cod-liver Çives bnmtdutt aid by soothing' a
Aj|	-	« stubborn cough and supplying ton _
Vil, With I remedies to the weakened system. If
Hÿpophos. J
ventive power by which the system can withstand disease.
The Remarkable Experience at One Who Was an Invalid For. Yeara-SIx Doctors Treated Him Without Rene-Fit—He Owes His Renewed Health to Following a Friend s Advioe.
From the Ottawa Journal.
phites
##c., ft; ell
Wtets
NEURALGIA’S PERSISTENT AGONY
Has but one source of relief. Nerviline .	penetrates to the ir-
ritated nerves, soothes them into repose. and affords relief almoet instantly. The whole range of medicine affords no parallel to Nerviline as a pain reliever
For Cemtipatkm take gait's Clover Root Tea, U** great	PurTfltr*
clear as a beJl.
There la no foundation for the port that the Duke of Connaught,
rly date, be raised to the rank of field marshal Hie royal bigbuea# ham no wish to obtain a baton at pre-
--nerve pain our
J3i
on an ea
cures
ladder Torment—Had
:
M "T.
aasi™
Ills. 3A.-A.	DaleaLL*
moRONTO ounwe schoojl Tow#
I men leers t# ouK ne better trUe, WrB for circuler elvlnâ fttl ImfermeWe#, as# egenta for Mellow #||'s ladles U*rm*el Uni» lag Mackiee. I IS YoLge Bt
8 reet
Chances are taken either for or against the spout running. A grayhaired. wixened old man is the owner of the den, and there is another similar Place aero* the road, only «mailer. On the roof, over the fifth floor, there ia a small
sms
Balance
see##* »*4 #s
# *s
VvoodaPmoio i m rmv.
1.1 JONlM S(,("
b h io vdi i \ini y h mitouo
tisfied
TO BE PASSED OVER.
He—Holding a girl'e hand is like » preface to the bduk of flirtation.
She—I never read prefaces.
Stop that Cough I Take warning. It may lead to Consumption. A 25c.bottle of Shiloh's Cure may save your life.
STEAMSHIP FOR INVALIDS.
One of the steamship companies of England has ordered a steamship to be build for the "sole use of invalids."
Watson’s Congh Brora
«0»
raise my
NEW&2N-n^ MACHINER f
FORGOTTEN WEALTH
"-ORONTO
G. DUTHIE & SONS
SATE, SHEET-METAL TILE A CRAYEl RtCFERf
CATARRH CANNOT BE CURED
bheet Metal Ceilings, 1 erra Cotta Tile. Red Black and Green Roofing Slate. Metal Oof nicer. Felt, Tar, Roofing Pit^h, Etc. Gutters hownpttea, &c.t supplied the trade.
Telephone 1836. Adelaide	Ste
and la order to
Splendid Equipment end deed Meld We#*
F. J. CHENEY & Co., Props., Toledo, O. Bold by druggists, price 75e.
•be*
i»ts many more young men end women into good positions, than any other Canadian Busmen* SohooL Get particulars. Enter any time. Write W. H SHAW,
Prindpel
CANADIAN n
v Pacific K
Y.
FOB TWKNTT-6BVBN YEARS.
DUNN'S
BAKING
POWDER
WILL RUN
Physicians Failed Cure Alls Failed—
But the Great Siuth American Kidney Cure, a Speolfle Remedy for a standing rinks
•neclflc Trouble. Cured Mrs. A H. thought, might* be taken, without fur-Yciins of Barnaton, P.Q., Quickly and ther comment from him, as satisfactory
4 0rHAn«DM/*	I	t	? Ik a	urn a /«n «S «All flH
This Is her teeitmony : " I wss taken, sick | la Issuery, : beet Iso si phye clans
for kidasy di
s
(Should sufficient business offer!
10IMITOBI118 THE GWIBIIN NORTH WEST
? OeloBisI Bleeper lie leers Tore
will be etisched le Pseifte Et-
due
THE COOK'S BEST FRIENB
write fer “SETTLSkS' OUIOK.”
LARGEST SALE IN CANAAU
A MEVtR FAILING REMEDY
o.
Did
For Weak and Inflamed Eyes, or Chronic Granulation of the Lids, Ulceration of the Glands
s*i
w

heir an
A
A COMBINATION

FOR BIG EATERS.
DYNAMOS
àAAAAAAÆà
A
Stimulate Digestion, a the too Common Error of Over-Eat-
ra
MIGHT HE OVERLOOKED.	jjng
I would not marry a woman who did i T ^ not know how to cook.	# ^
1 might overlook a little thing ^ /7& like that, if she had money enough 3 to pay my board.	\yz1
THE BEST REMEDY FOR CORNS	jgg
FOR
For the

ing
PLATING, POWER OR LIGHT...
MOTORS.
>
Oh
l^ke One After Dinner—No Inconveni-
Pleasanitly— 40
Kidneys,
ence—They Act
Doses in a Vial. 20 Cents.
a'ssa ssii
4
Liver
i
Repairs to all makes of machines. Experimental work carried out.
and
Is Putnam’s Painless Corn Extractor. 4 Rapid, painless, its action is a marvel to all who have tried it. Fancy getting MR. GRATEBAR TO PHILIP.	rid of painful corns in twenty-four
It is unquestionably true. Philip, said | hours. ’ Putnam’s " does it.
Mr Grateoar,	^i better to be
_ I : Vp dog than a dead lion; hut that i fjerr Zschille’s collection of armor,
,	mean. Philip, that you should which was exhibited at the Chicago’s
satisfied to remain a dog.	World’s Fair, is to be sold by auction
' in London.
Urinary
Organs.
HAY Elect! Mfg Co.,
e
285 James St. N.y Hamilton
Phone to*.
#5 Adelaide 8t. W., Toronto
Phone 1214.
The
ERG le only one way by which any disease can be cured, and that Is by removing the cause, whatever It may be. The greet medical autherltles of the day declare that ly every disease Is caused by deranged Kidneys or Liver. xxX To restore these, therefore, Is >X, the only way by which health
Z"
be
s
Only One Price.
Every
f /*r> Woman
A POPULAR C. P. R. OFFICER

Add» HI» Testimony to the Merits otDû Agnew’a Oaten hai Powder for On tarrh and Gold In the Head—He sayn It Is Peerie
Mr. John McUdwards, the genial purser of e C#H. R liner " Athabaeca, eaya. ** I used Dr. Agnews Catarrhal t owder for cod in the head. It is very effective, eany to apply, mild and pleasant For oat &rrh it has no equal. I have tented near y every c*.t, rh cure made, and found noae to cou p iv *iûi lu 1 reoçm-mend u Aral. last aud a ». s I
Should tniovUfo.
How Many do f
-sra
ONLY ONE CRAPE Th@ Best
m
SUN
e
O
ifwrong
532Ss5
ACTS DIRECTLY UPON THE KIDNEYS and LIVER
and by piàdne tt healthy condition
Do tou know wnere the bad do not go to church go, Jo My pop goes fishing.
people
hnnief
O
wto
COMPOUND
glUt’ (ptm*) THITASU SSN^^NS 11 WHAT Dtt. A. K. SALTER SAYS.
anatfif# Wasn. II Buffalo, M. Y.—Gents:—From my per-
fis-casa 11	cisl icf""
of advanced Consumption, I am prepared to say It is the most remarkable Remedy that has ever been brought to my attention. It has certainly saved many from Consumption.
IC
drive#
to oo
the

«
'
VS
reputation — M Twenty of success,M In lour ta. Warner’s Sals
Its


Cura Ce., London, Rochester, Praekfort, Melbourne,
••A. SL C.M flBDICWB CO..
!	| 73 to 81 Adelaide It W., TORONTO

'
/ Z.

x

###PAGE###4###
%
way of assistance to the enterprise he asked the Government for a letter of guarantee of good faith to the following effect :
•• To the Montreal, Ottawa and Georgian Bay Company :
you
Mr Charles R. Devlin, M. P. for I that the Government of Canada will be
w-.«h, d,. ,«„» ou... h„ txar t
resigned his seat to accept the position I your p0tj^on to His Excellency the Gov-of immigration agent to the Emerald I ^|>uor General in Council, to noon as a The job is said to be worth ft,000 I syndicate of capitaliste in the mother I	I from country, to be approved of by the Bank
4	. I of Montreal in London, will make a firm
aceount of poor j offer t() purchRBe the bonds of your oora-
j pany ; and, further, they will recommend _	_	----- to parliament to grant a bonus of f-•>(),•
ESS- ™
hts already been issued, fixing nomma- in conclusion, Mr. Stewart said : “And | aud Wilson’s, tion for the 16 h instand polling for | now< with your help and with the help of
23rd This rather unusual haste make» | the colleagues around you, and, further,
» -pi»- - « *	..m«u.
t ying to get a snap judgment in > ngUt. ( o out t)1|a undertaking to a successful T he Liberal candidate is Mr. Champagne, jMUe " (Applause.) a Ivocate of Hull, who was actually in the Mr W R White, Q. C , of Pembroke, fijid before the seat became vacant. The I was then called upon and expressed his
l	.»j. j-	tJTSJSft T.ÏÏ.
Pldlot while the Conserva ,	oient importance to undertake the build-1 W^ryg,
thus by surprise, will labor under a dis* jng (>j |t themselves. All in the district advantage in contesting the county. | were one in favor of it. He had always
*7 ‘"«v,h,; r'Z -,-2 “
default, however, but will do their ut ni * | f thy Dominion, aim with its completion to make it interesting for Mr. Cham I that city would soon take away a good | 61S, pagne Mr. J. M. Maodougall and Dr. deal of the trade of New York. He was
=| EBFFHE'BB
deuce in them and he trusted that con-»uld not be misplaced. (Ap.
The Gquity.
New
Spring
GrOods.
Spring
Requisites.
SHAWV1LLE, MAR. 11, 1897.

We are Busy
Isle, a year, the political arena on health.
Mr. Devlin say# he retiree
Timothy and Clover Seeds. Coarse and fine Salts.
Receiving and marking off
Flour, Renfrew, P D. Fort,
Be
All
McKay’s Rolled Oats and
Sure I ^ and!™
Bright
the
and
Teas and Sugars. Butter Tubs.
See them (JEW SPRING GOODS
Fresh
Barbed ami plain Fence
o
Ducks,
Poultry Netting.
Post hole Augers and Shov- j Dress Gooils,
Cretonnes, Cottons,
Prints,
and in a few days can show the finest stock of general merchandise in the county.
Challies, Drape nés,
Gùujha m.
Felt Papers.
Window Glass.
Wire and Cut Nails. Ready mixed Paints. Wall Papers.
Sap Spouts etc.
After the prient government took | ,|y„ce office, one of the first sots of statesman ship they performed was to add about 60 good grits to the staff of wormmen
w<
plause.)
On behalf of Arnprior, Mr A. J. Jeffrey spoke at some length and with force.
In hi* opinion it was an enterprise that ployed at I. C. Railway shops at Mono I deserved the immediate attention of the
ton. N.B., nut.itheUndiuglhit the bun government, end ne Mr Leurierhed been
iiiagiiauimoua in his expression toward Hi	he Hudson Bty project, it was to be
warrant any such increase. Now, it is hl,pwj he would be as generous in dealing
found necessary, in the interest of good with the Ottawa canal, government, to dismiss some 66 employ -1 Sir James («rant was m xt heard in an
:r I	i w. ..d
he mmds of the public thirty years ag«». 0f other seasonable goods at
... -ber» ,h„ Hi iceg thllt knock competition
Better values than ever. We earn offer the choicest goods at reasonable prices.
eui-
We want to see you.
of the road at that time did not
Men’s Hats.
J. H. SHAW.
A brand new stock of splendid goods. Shapes and qualities and prices right.
Minister of Railways. On the contrary, they are old and experienced hands, but I bow much more
«¦<«*—* -1—- S’llzrusrr.cisi; out.
they happen to be Conservatives, *bich| project since its inception, and expressed in Mr. Blair’s opinion seems to be a snf | the hope that it would he grappbd with
fioient reason why they should bedwptns
E. HODCINS & SONS.
husiaMit. Ii
now with energy* and .would be n gloriou# thing, lie s«id, to have the canal construc<ed so that, it I	an enterprise by which Cana
«liana would mark the completion of Her Majesty's reign
Mr. A. Foster, of Pembroke, made a forcible speech in favor of the project.
Mr Thomas Murray Raid it wou'd pay under private inelead of government] ,h„ 0llUlltry we|H„ rai».- $0.000,000 for
the scheme if they got a guarantee
Mr. Devlin, M. P , then spoke of the nnportai.ee «»f a canal and the good n
HWMNWNNHNMNNHHNmi would do	this	Ti«
the carriage of the mails between Bris I canal would be constructed and shm»’ I
“ST^HfE:r5E5| CELE rated CHATHAM targons
...l, bw i. J.I. !.. mi ... ... ««	, ,h. ... ... pu. U .b,.u,h	1. Jÿ?I	2ÏKS. SSS£
tmue for three years from that date. .No would bring prosperity to the whole coun tn l l|lrt 80f the purchasers can be h«d charge bas been filed, so far a. we can ‘ry	andIt» lookedI for with great	antici-1	ar.ny	Æ/hTr
learn, that the work has been inefficiently I panon y te PM>P e*	makewnl	waggon*.	Not	a complaint irom
!»*<«— , ..idler C'.uld ",	"""""""
be consistently urged on the score ut ga,i,m On., said it seemed to him extra economy, seeing that under the existing 'ordinary that this great waterway which
contract, the courier has only .bout 40 O.o voyagtura and the great explorera
went up was not utilized for transporting freight from the north and west. Our f«»refatheis knew the shot test way, and it
and return is about five miles in wmtei I was	arrange they have never taken advan-	_
and six in the summer time. Occasions |	°f the route. The ostial was	esseu	I The namt	••McLaughlin”	Is	a guarantee as
have been frequent in .torn,, weather j	,,,d pr°,pe",y "f I •» 'he -tyle. quality . d comfort.
when it we. neevraer, to procure a teem	P . being celled Upon
to perform the service in the prescribed j	m,,at favorably about the canal,
time. Therefore, no one having the In hie mind it «>ught to be a non political slightest knowledge of such matters could question in which every man should assist,
-, "...p~. b;!... ô"lz, CTwta'Z.'
ernment was excessive. But here again, WoU!d not only immortalize itself but coni' unfortunately, the courier hàppens to be maud the support of the people from one oo the wrong eide of politic, to nuit thu | of the Dominion to the other.
THE PREMIER E REPLY.
a. P. HODGINS.
VI
When extensive public enter
ed with.
prises like the Intercolonial can be thus | w„uid be converted into political machines, to sun the whims and caprices of a narrow mind
ed official, it seems high time in the pub lie interest that such enterprises be placed
Shawville Furniture Store.
J. A. BECKETT,
management.
And now we learn that the cmhract f«»r
GENERAL MANUFACTURER —OF-
I u-ihh lossy to the publie genenally that M ihv lime ta procure one of the
iiww
ed.
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
Carriages,
Wagons, Sleighs,
Cutters, etc.
MAIN STREET,
SHAWVILLE.
A Oar Load of McLaughlin Carriages on the Way
(MUOOIKS PUAKTONS, * XPK K»8 K8 A C ARTS)
which I Will sell cheap to good men on eafcy terms, and remarkably cheap
forapot cash.
All Orders Promptly
Filled.
cents per trip for performing the service The distance from E inside ro the eiatioi
Repairing in Wood or Iron erecuted neatly. REPAIRING
Price» Moderate.	I
Parties who desire a first-class winter rigout of any kind will do well by giving me a J. McARTHTJR. I call. Terms reasonable and
satisfaction guaranteed.
UORSE-SBOEINQ• A SPECIALTY.
O
A. SMILEY,
Main Street, Shaw ville.
(OppositeG. F. Hodgln’s store.i Telephone No, 5,
G. M. Donaldson’s old stand.
J. A. BECKETT.
advisers of Mr. Mu lock in this county, insignificant as Mr. Campbell's remuner
LIVERY,
Hon. Mr. Laurier, addressing the de
te P.*™™..	........ | ;,nr .h." “is l	:s c
faithfully, it seems to be envied by some j interested by the facts laid before them, j deprived of the great prosperity that
- - ml I A. J. JACKSON.
which is the evolutionary product of a j had been eel aside when Canada com- RVidently appreciated the political ability
inenced constructing railways. But, per- ()f |hf presenl government to inch an ex hapa as the country’s products were tu	that they expected more in eighteen
creasing it would be well, as Mr. Shep- |llonthi tll8I1 they had got in eighteen paid said, that they should go back to the „ However, he warn not afraid of big ..Id route of iheir forefathers. As to the I ,chemeii nor of any scheme that would request, $250,000 for twenty years was a I |l#ve the effect of increasing the greatness large amount of money. The government I f the country. He had been very much had a .good many schemes to which it had tmpressed wi'h the project as laid before to give early attention, and this would I hj£ wbell Premier of,Ontario by Mr be considered along with the others, al g,ewsrti Bnd it would receive his earnest though he could not say that they would „„al consideration.
1.ARUB deputation Lays ITH OLAIMS before	Hon. Mr. Blair, Minister of Railways, I %"w%tion 8'T”	' LNJT* W*TIVC W,",TV-	—
SISSeI
Tuesday last to seek aid fot the Montreal, Ceined, he wae bound to confess thet it I MCOr^” t^n>--—— |	_ t,onet^*l ,th«perfectT
Ottawa and	%#de a very strong impression on hie
Ÿl» deputation was introduced by Mr. mind. (Applause). He realized as strong-Beloourt, M. P. foç Ottawa, after which Jy M any the great possibilities of this \	o^A^Ta
. McLeod Stewart set forth the merits | Dominion, and unless the government did . ,*>». wa*hiu*w.,. u. c. for their #i.*w prise «
of the scheme to the government. By	*nd h*t of two i. udre i lurcntions ^ ; r j
One of the best equipped
Liveries
in the District.
CHARGES MODERATE.
THE PERFECT TEA
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
grit’s assumption of power.
QUEBEC ELECTIONS ON MAY 11.
loose ft Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator,
A proclamation has been «issued dissolving the Legislature of this Province and fixing the date of the elections for May 11th, nominations a week earlier. The writs bear date the 6th of March and returnable on the 31st day of May The new Legislature is formally
MONSOON
ALT. ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDEDTO. j ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
are
called to meet on Friday June 4th.
TEA
1R8T'CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND BAT-
TEZ OTTAWA CANAL.
CUP
IS FACTION GUARANTEED.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OP TBB
be
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
Wanted-Ân Idea r
•JSgS
iu5tt^aytbr * raïs:
¦r
¦ t y
: :


. ¦/

_
###PAGE###5###

Six persons were killed and about fifty others injured by an explosion of gas in one of the principal thoroughfares of Boston on Tuesday last. A large amount of property in the neighborhood damaged also. The explosion was due to a leakage in the main gas pipes.
Mr. Tarte a Montreal organ, La Patrie, takes a warm interest in European affairs, and even in far off Egypt. Its sentiments with regard to that ancient land are not
Public Notice.
OUBLIÇ NOTICE le hereby given that a J eoeelal Meeting of tbe Patrons of Industry will be held In the Town Hull, Hhs wvlile, on Thursday, March 11th, at 1.30 p.m. All Interested are cordially Invited
J A. AHMMTItONG. ' Clarendon, Feb. 18th, 1»97
win
9
ST. PATRICK'S DAY,
- - WEDNESDAY, MARCH I7TH, 1897.
Secretary
For Sale or to Rent.
precisely wh.t might be «,peoted from .1	' " NOTHING’S TOO GOOD FOR THE IRISH !” Come, no matter what
peper pubiiihed in a Britlah poMenion. nationality you are, we are determined to give you something very good.
It ii indignant at Great Britain's oontroll|jijj|M of Egypt and anxious for the day when Iluasia and France will join together to drive her out. This pious and patriotic aspiration of Mr. Tarte'# newspaper is not likely to be gratified for several moons to come. England evinces very little disposition to please her neighbors by getting out. -Ottawa Citiaen.
Hon. Peter Mitchell is to be appointed an inspector of fisheries in connection with the fisheries department Mitchell is one of the very few fathers of Confederation who still lives, and who has rendered valuable services to the country as minister of marine and fisheries and as a member of Parliament, is-considered by most men on both sides of politics well deserving of recognition from the government. His special know ledge of the fisheries of the Dominion 11 make his services pertinent. %
| HR un<lereigned offers to well 1 property situated on Clarendon Hoad, (formerly occupied by Mrs. Oeo, McLaren ) Portage du Fort, and consisting of a plot, of hi ,	,	I ground, two scree In extent, on which is
The, Committee.	1
lea most desirable family residence.
:	Also, for sale a good square piano,one hair
cloth sofa, and 1 parlor table and aldeboaply For particulars regarding the above,ap
I to
THOS. PHENDEROAST, d.
Kadforrd.
or rent the
Doors open at 7 p.m. Tickets, 25c., Children 15c.
Dec. 8, TW
Tenders Wanted.
Mr
fT* EN DE RS will be received by the Lily 1 Ohee.e and Butter Com par y (recently organized) up to the Ifiih day of March next or a first.-class Cheese Maker, fi nder» to be either for «he «carton, by I ho month, or at so much per ion pound*, for the manufacture of chteee.—the latter case» provide tor the supply of all furnishings nectary, or not.
Also tenders for a comi etent Heoretary, whose iiuty ll w,ni be to perform all work in <;r-dDeetlon with tho Company’* business.
'QÇc addressed to Mr, If. H. ELLfOTr, Shaw Vi lie, Que.
r..d lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Bhawvllle, Feby. 10th, 1867.
HARD TIMES. HARD UR
valuable to tho de
wi
McKinley Inaugurated,
Wood Wanted
William McKinley, President elect of the United States was duly installed to that office on Wednesday last, the proceedings in connection with the event being characterised by the observance of the usual imposing ceremonies. After the formal proceedings in the Capitol building by which the old regime stepped out and the new stepped m, President McKinly read his inaugural address to the assembled thousands outside the Capitol building.
Mr. McKinley began by referring to the necessity of the count.y devising some momentary system, to overcome the present industrial disturbance, and place the oountry on a firm financial footing. He urgnl the necessity for firm government ec n niy
A8 TO K EC* 1 PROCITY.
Referring Vu the emit,y'm trade the President said :	“In the revision
of the	tariff,	especial attention
should he given to the re-enactment and extension of the reciprocity principle of the law of 1890 under which an great n Stimulus was given to our foreign Lade in new and advantageous mai Lets, for our surplus agricultural and manufactured j products. The brief trial given this legislation amply justifies a further ex per iment and additional discretionary power in the making of commercial treaties, the end in view always to be the opening up of new markets for the pmducts of our country, by granting concessions to the products of other lands that we need and cannot produce ourselves, and which do I not involve any loss of labor to our own I people, but tend to increase their eru 1 ployaient.”
As a consequence of the undersigned experiencing the form-
cr, they have ran plump hard against the latter, so in order
to regulate matters somewhat, they have determined to sell
their goods for what they will bring—providing always that
parties purchasing will not ask to be paid for taking them away.
We do not issue this advertisement for the purpose of mak-ng a few hundred dollars worth of sales, but for the express purpose of selling every dollars worth of goods in our store. Wo have large debts to meet, and in order that we may be in a position to do so we will offer to the public commencing March 1st, our entire stock of Goods, comprising Dry Goods, Tweeds, Etoffes, Coatings, Flannels, Linings, Grey Cotton, Bleached Cotton, Prints, Ginghams, Cottonades, Tickings, Towelings, Shirts, Collars, Ties, etc.
In Clothing we offer Coats, Reefers, Overcoats, Men^ Suits. Young Men’s Suits, Boys Suits, Pants, Vests, Overalls, Top Shirts.
In Hats and Caps you will find a large stock of the latest styles. Soft Felts for Men. Soft Felts for Boys. Hard Felts for Men. Hard Felts for Boys. Soft Felts, hard Felts
for Men, Boys, Youths. Fedoras of the latest shapes and shades.
We have a large and well assorted stock both in quality styles and siz«>s of Men’s Oxford Shoes, Men’s Congress Gaiters, Men’s Fines, machine sewed, turned and hand sewed, Laced Boots, as well as the coarser lines suitable for working boots In Children’s Wear we do not hesitate to say we have the largest and best assorted stock to be found in this section.
In Groceries, Hardware. Patent Medicines, and all lines kept in a general store you will find complete.
Tenders will be received up to the 11th of March for ten cords of dry pine, ten cords of dry hemlock and ten cords of hardwood, all to be good sound wood, two feet long, and delivered* at tho Lily Cheese Factory forthwith, after tender is accepted. Add rows,
H. H. ELLIOTT, President,
8h»w vi-ir, Que.
r
Give
The only food that will build up a weak cons-v	titution gradu-
al C il SL fl ce ally but surely is
the
on
Baby
a
| Martin’s ? Cardinal Food
a simple, scientific and highly nutritive preparation for infants, delicate children and invalids.
KERRY WATSON & CO., FeoFmsTO«e.
v:
Call and see our celebrated
IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION
On immigration the president raid: “Our naturalizilmu and immigration laws should be further improved to the constant promotion of a s«#f r, a better, and a higher citizenship. Grave peril to the R« public would be a citizenship ton ignorant to understand, or too vicious to appreciate, the great value and benifi-Ctihce of our institutions and laws, ami against all who come here to make war upon them, our gates must be promptly and tightly oh wed. Illiteracy must be banished from the land, if we shall attain that high destiny as the foremost of en lightened nations of the world, which tinder providence we ought to achieve.'
Tyke id Ha
SERGES.
Remember, Sale begins on Monday, March let, and will continue till the entire stock is disposed
Just what you want for a Spring Suit. Prices reasonable, Leave you order now and avoid the rush.
of.
Call early and often, and you will find it will pay you.
Yours truly,
the country'# foreign
Referring t
policy, Mr. McKinley said: 1 It has been our aim to pursue a firm and dignified foreign policy, which shall be just, impartial, ever watchful of our national honor and always insisting upon the en forcement of the lawful rights of Ameri citizens everywhere. We want no ware of conquest, we must avoid the temptation of territory aggression. War should never be entered upon until every agency of peace haa failed ; peace is preferable to war in almost every contingency.
Arbitration is the tiue method of settlement of international as well as local or Individual differences."
Of the arbitration treaty now before the Senate, he said :	“Since it repres-
ent* to the world the glorious example of and peace, not passion and war, controlling the relations between two of the greatest nations of the world, an ex
ample certain to be followed by others, I _ „
respectfully urge the early action of the wSi?j^HNrwkdBkkbJrn*! oo^li_____
r.srs .rsz \	a-
kind The importance and moral influ of the ratification of such a treaty is hardly to be estimated in the < auae of advancing civilisation. It may well engage the best thought of the statesmen and
people of eves y country, and 1 can't but consider it fortunate that it was reserved to the United States, to have the leadership in so grand a work.
O’MEARA Ss HODGUNS.
0. FRA MB,
Quyon, Que—A»
can

Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
L
GLOBE SAVING & LOAN CO.,
reason
Head Office, Toronto, Ont,
r:.;r.s sHAWViLLE sash and dooh factory.
on wealth.
McCredie & Hodgins, - - Proprietors.
Wanted-An Idea
Authorized Capital - - $10,000,6(10. Shares -
$100 tael
¦
o
•nee
E. W. DAY, WM. BELL, JOHN FLETT,
— Manager & Secretary.
— President. Vice- President.
Men and Women
Sashes, Doors, ;
Mouldings, Blinds\ etc., etc., j| manufactured, j
All kinds of Plaining and Matching executed.
l:-X
Everywhere, to «ondnet butine As at home. No caovasulng; work ta simple writing and copying lists of addreuses reueived frira local advert!* tng, to be forwarded to us daily. No previous experience required, hut plain writers preferred. Permanent work to those content to earn $6 or more weekly in spare time. Apply to
Warbkw Pub. Co, London, Cat,

A local branch of the above company has been organized in Sbawville and is prepared to receive applications fur shares with the following officers :
A Lyon, M.D., President.
J. A. Cowan, vice-President.
W. W. Ireland, Secretary and Agent.
S. A. MacKay, Soliciter.
Any information required will be given by applying to the undersigned.	PS
W.W, IRELAND,
Secretary and Agent#

Tenders for Cedars.
Sealed Tenders addressed to the under signed will be received up till Friday, the 12th of March, inat., for the delivery at Dolan'e mill, 100 Cedars, sound and
Shingle, for m!«. Apply to
Shawville, Mar. 2, 1897
Shingles for Sale.
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
Twenty thousand first quality Pine


J. G. ELLIOTT
LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
..
Telephone communication.
Shawville, March 1, 1897.
Sec Treae
Robt. McCredie.
R. G. Hodgins.






¦ ;S:ia






i

###PAGE###6###

THE LONE STAR.	AT THIS THROTTLE
Hi
th«re might be a collision, and 8ir g*** for the upper sails cam™ down '	Mr*.	I
wilS *muoh “riotity * He "uimost Unmo? But t ha ^irat^oared^ot^ In Another I A f>ando11 doctor tolls of a vpry in- I PA1US 000X0118 OÏT A STRIKE. .	,y.
dt5$®!7 seemed to recognize it.	minute the two vessels met. their bow£ terestlng 0Me <* mysterious sickness, Parisian physicians have gone nn a . bpn* heiV ,a7® an egg it has been
MBBMi
I where It he., been ail thie
IN DARKEST LONDON.
**»¦«* by • tklvtr
amuse themselves in theta
are tables where ‘chess and checkers are played. There are tnagw esines and books for those who care to read them. There are vaulting bare, •wingmg-ringa, dumb-bells, and other gymnastic appliance*.
eav-
yards around. There
was
ing
ONE OS TWO-ETB SHOOTING.

DATED EGGS.
en

##

[
###PAGE###7###
TÜStf.'Æa’ÎTritiîra'.ï;,':
«ni the mira of the union, which were i recognised by l&w.	, ;
IS0ME LATE CABLE NEWS I
elle» and seizing the Sultan in bis	_	- '#*r Dallas Faanceleie EsHerlala* Lerd
palace, but Europe had not assented THE UNCLAIMED BALANCE OF THE m L««ty Aberdeen at tke BriueH Km
Th. Britbh al^mar 8W« of Gnnr-	fur^2	ALABAMA AWARD.
gin das wen i><nt **<i at Lloyds in Ixm- conference of the Ambaxsadoni at Con	^ despatch from Washungton says:—*
don ah missing.	eUntinople, with the view to reorgan- ****#*r*a*l#a la Johaanesbarg—Arretira The reception at the British Embassy
-	“ T ™ HF—-zszsizi usiAJS
and ing to Canada.	""	”*	A i .	Aberdeen was the most brilliant
The fir»t Drawing-room of the aeaaon	CURIOUS CLOCKS.	p„ri i ,	L(*Aon mjti-The function of the loet day» of the Ad_	wa? held on We.l.raaday in ituokin*ham	,	t arhamcntary Secretary for the For- miniatnuU.n. it followed a aeries of
mi r3)	w °( tb® proprietor of Mr- { hwn be r la in stated in the House d'Aumale’s grandfather from Bourbier ! tu ,	...	. be* bere leany. pTm~ M Cabinet officers being present. The
I be King «Aioii \ big, mi dead.	of Commons that it was not intended for the Prince w«l« * ft#, rum r,i 1	1 vt ih* United States repaying to guests, who were received by Lady
$Bsleeimm
b- -ork. nas?sa t sail's- tuSH" "â'.rtiLUK	1 p“; trr.“*	it" trr •°d
betler W-	I cur. that foul blot on civilization," for T * ? earr,nge' long and del,c“te* i que*t th,- return of the unclaimed bal- «'«‘‘e present. The 1'reJdentTLo
iÊÊMMIÏ I ES—E: ;
ass
Excessive rain has caused destructive representing a landscape of great against him by the lappen Company, “lies off Halifax, f	WKÊM
mot-wst - EP	ÈEEH E&h-ZS ?Srvâ -
-sua.*»... „v.ÆX.d.-'clÆuî'rÆ« SLfrsEHrw8
Ihe Victoria Hockey Club of Winni- autboriztrig the construction of abridge Unce	Emperor William, at the banquet1 of ga.es came on, during which the wire
peg will erect a beautiful monument 5froNI1 ! be St- Lawrence River from	- ¦¦ - —	!*hd Brandenburg Provincial Diet, made hawser parted. The Diamant surnal-
®vej\ <Trave °* their late comrade, Uogunsbuirg to Cornwall.	__ _	ja long speech, dwelling upon Ihe nec- ted:—“Do not load sight of uk’*
sSfSs	m ™™
svsrat	... i ”ASa5““ “ I
Some Montreal ivioerals are arrang- Iffif Ludmgton, Mich., because	- - aboard. The tow was resumed, and
ing to present Mr. Laurier, previous to :	wages have been cut.	Detail* of Canada'* Foreign Trade The Summarj #f a Mulletlu l»*ued by ihe Gee stowly the Ituais made for Halifax, with
his departure for England, with a life (),i Saturday four special agents of | Ceunirle* That Bay Boni Frwiu Fs— logical barwey—luerea»e* in Gold nad head-winds and boisterous seas. Soon size portrait of himself, costing one i • Doited States Treasury seized Those That Bay Least.	j 81 irer-Decrease in fttekcl.	afterwards another terrible gale came
Tho wonerVjury which enquired in- I 0°!J; for .',iolat‘OIi of th^ cîisU.mS^îw00 ' A despatch from Ottawa says:-The 1 An advanm bulletin of the report of String the'iMmant^ro^fing fearfully to the death of	Jaines Fry	who mar- 1 , 1*le authorizing the construction | official returns of the trade of Canada llje Dominion Geological Survey has | in the trough of the sea. She then
dered Mr. Shaw	at Ravensworth.	has I d• a brid8® ov®r the St.	Lawrence I for the last fiscal year were made pub- betm issued from the department at I disappeared. Capia»n Forth cruised
s^«*ftar 1E-dssjt -	.t s=	r E3dfi‘ HS
Sr'nrrj’ ,wf u.Wh,l,1,e ioe-boatinp near Seckett'a Har- etatementa since compiled for i'arlia- Plele rePort Wl1 r>»t. be ready for some Uhainant had foundered. The Galileo and an estât* in Ireland.	was dead from exposure.	trade with our various foreign custom-	^J88.0! lbe year; Credit is peg, from Lverpuo1 to St. John, who
iswrisS^SÆ I
to visit that city this summeur, and an 1,1* rh»r„miWI!or ubut llttIe aPP**ecia- eminently Canada's best market at pre- lo“a year«	tang.ed with the propeller of the
BBieWHes
GENERAL.	2* AfXÏ :	cïïïïï
Lima. Peru, is threatened	with an lTfore tbfr .TBriff Commission has = the coal output was 104 &SJ less ihan ed by the department of Agriculture
epidemic of yellow fever.	* aSl • We ‘“P01* largely from Jaoan , in the previous year. Large increases f°r the past fiscal year is 5,125,«436. It
, «. s-®	- « a.,„
found that Dabm and Gorier, the two nu .. (hrnlurh t^	. . goods in those countries. The coun- , Ontario’s nickel production is reduced ed to be approximately correct. The _
aLnur a ttfflsrss	aS^ te$ur«î5?s.x-ÿ82Sz ;es2a	ara
rîr&r ““ “•	',r,:,si,CreJt’,.wnK?™“’¦ “,4a£ iriA isrs ivssu?	ssa.-s»4»
Mr. Lawrence E. Vogler, an old and «isr	<’ t *î tbe pawera l®“ countries are as follows;—	j than in the preceding year. The prin- I the count. Taking into consideration
respected resident and for many years s™ ? K-TJi	°°R evacuat-	Canadian	Canadian '«pal vales of minerals for the uyear the influx of population that ought to
reeve of the township of Zone. Ont., Vm a bdittri»” i n f »	|	Imports from Exports to <*e.r® “ follows	follow the mining development it is
was drowned on Friday by falling prinoe	• r of the Crown Great Britain ...$ 32,979,742 # <i«v690,288 | Uoid .. ..x $2,810,206 considered that it is not too much to
12.%-zr - “ '¦ «-» fes»T-. %= as E
4.-j«s.tçs?mIE.ÉF @	:SES“
bell announced that he -was authorized l In two days 160 deaths have been re- Australia   ’	617^68 I mentioned, the grand total of produc-
SJZJZXZ,	: ss ;¦“fl?mm JK8
enable amount to the bridge over the archives, at Canea, Island of Crete, was Total	*110 587 480 1121 013 832 *n and just about double tbe pr>
.‘SAf; : ssf % xj!iss%,u£ - -	r'"" ;	-ik • i jm-j-*	•	r -	—«
I. u. C.«R o. W .1 Mo..™,. ! ”fiSS N... ta. dWrlbut^ i. ...	DMNK D. THE MIDDLE AGES. |	KNEE-BREECHES IN	ENGLAND. Lto£	JSt
on Wednesday judgment was given in j Moequos ml Constantinople calling	The Middle Ages lasted about 1.000	An English periodical	declares that built for $5000,(XXI.	They now say that
a ease in which i bs rights of trade i upon the faithful to exterminate the years, and in that period the feudal there is no grougMl for	believing that I	w*^	^rom	$1^ ÔUO.000
!“Sv‘i-JïïS ^ >-*ta.».•*<«« D.*.-R*, ;Br5KEB,11'-'„%%%%%1 '
which he alleged he had suffered , ceived there from Crete.	a?M*	^ dead drunk every the use of tweeds more general, but
through the strike of his fellow-work- In the French Chamber of Deputies mid <>* ' h*'u “,v eH' ,^Ab®/r “ttîïj it had not seriously affected the sale
men at the order tbe union. The j on Wednesday M. Ha nota ux Minister	lived in lKSI* ot Wack <**ta and tal1 bats. Tweed
Appeal Court reversed the Court of Re- for Foreign Affaire, in replying to a princes, lords and vassals i ve-i m U* ir garments are simply "extras" and are
view judgment, which had decided criticism of the Governsmnt’s Arman- I®*** v ~	not the only wear
lan
VICE REGAL RECEPTION.
ere
j «image of the
GREAT BRITAIN
TUB VERY LATEST PROM ALL THE
world over.
¦sSSSSuS-
CANADA.
even-
A number of
wever.

EVENTFUL VOYAGE.
Michel Delaney, the Grand Trunk ¦eoUontnan who wae «truck by a train
di«d
3-MÏÏ	£2:
aon, from tho effects of an overdose of tincture of opium.
wTWrtÈÆi-nurÆîSW
SSWASSSiiSf*
A Ridgetown young man named Pat-r\ck Manmx was shot through the
¦b?^1 ( j?r >y, d<^®Pb Hall, who runs a billiard parlor in the town. The wound is a very serious	^3
Mr. John Fahey, proprietor of Imperial Hotel, Hamilton, died from erysipelas, said to he due to a wound received in hia head a week ago.
Stella Cushing, the young girl bitten by a Newfoundland dog in London South recently, is recovering vPasteur Institute, New York.
The	¦
Avenue
pire
Tbe escape of the
in the
She
the
one
at the
The
OUR POPULATION.

Four Million* anil n Half Expected at
Meat Ceann*.
are
Hon. Sidney Fisher, addressed a meeting of tly Dominion Alliance in Montreal, warning them that the coming plebiscite would be a fight to the death with the liquor traffic in Can-
The population of Canada as eetimat-
miu
con-millions.
721,384 ! The estimates that are made from year 184,313 to year are based on the immigration 8,006,305 J returns and ' the average birth and 1,155,646 mortality rate. The figures since the 429,856 last census, given from year to year. 174,403 | are as follows :
60,000
••*•••
****** ***** ••*•••
• ••
•••

****** •••••• ••• ******
		
****** ******
****** •••••••••

•••••• ****** ******
••••• ****** ****** ****** *
*#
•••••• ****** ****** ***** #** •••
1892	...
1893	...
OB
4,899,098 4.961.528 5,021.476
.....5.083.424
.....5.125.436
••••••
•••••• •••••• ••••*• *»#
••••
*••••••••
• ••••
*****
******
******
••••
1894
• •* ****** ******
•••
*****
1895
******
**** •••• **#*
1896...
****** ******* ******
ERRORS IN ESTIMATES.
it
CORRECTLY DESCRIBED

Arthur ie in love with a chorus girl, Mid the fwn>1 mother nervously.
I guets it won’t hurt him, said the experienced father. It is only calf love.
: • 4




i.M

Ik,


" \ s


>



###PAGE###8###


I








A



»
Beef, pork, bacon, sausage, lamb or mutton, and bread from the best baker in
town at McGuire’s Grocery.
brought us in throe loads :
AO lb*, hum	4 it<>* condensed milk,
luo •• bacon	a “ cannot! corn.
*3 - "°.u:	i "	:»•
%	b"-	i	::	-	eSt*
3	“	coffee	8	"	“	pesches.
R	::	b«rr'io?our	|	::	••	=.
10 “ tapioca l " bare Ivory *<>»P 3 “ OeSfleh sod Balmon eaeMrlrJ.
all are cordially invited.
It is expected that drawing will be finished by the tirât of April.
Our contractor, Mr. James Armstrong, has a "tly" black Korea, behind which he sails up L ike Kippewa to Priest's Hay at
a 2 40 gait.	.
The scarcity of members of the fair up here amongst all us boys place the few we have in high esteem,and of course, as is hut natural, considerable rivalry exists for a share of their smiles.
Mr. W.J. Connelly has about 300 tons of supplies delivered at Sheppard and Morse’s depot.
Mr. James and Mrs. Alexander our popular cooks, came nearly losing their little boy in the water hole a short time
___ II
The same correspondent also sends lengthy list of subscribers to the India Famine Fund, which we are obliged to omit, owing to the press of other matters. The subscriptions foot up the very handsome sum of |04 45, and were colled» d by Mr. W. J,Connelly, who has deposited the money in the Hank of Ottawa. The subscriptions range from $5 00 down to 25 cents.
London House,
Professor Linton Coming to Shawville.
SHAWVILLE AND OTTAWA.
sex
soap
PRICES AWAY DOWN IN ALL LINES
We could get tin dried fruit*, and so	____
were obliged to take an extra quantity of
canned goods, for we must eat a certain | Of UnniUfcl Interest to Stammerers
quantity and variety of vegetable food in order to keep healthy. M hen supplies begin to get scarce, the stores will Hi t sell one all ne may want. They have to keep some for others who may come.
Wo still wished to supply ourselves with currants, raisins, rice, Hour,sugar, butter, doing such phenomenal work at Renfrew prunes, apricots, salt, matches, baking j for the past four months, in curing stain-powder, oatmeal, cayenne pepper, «mna mon, cloves, corn starch, coal oil and
candles, and will be obliged to put up with what can be @|»arcd us, and do with- for consultation, with a view to opening
out the rest.	a class at Shawville shortly, if there
Our oases in which we packed all "ur j should be sufficient cases to warrant the
| “*•
ing the cases may be on the steamer ducted on a perfectly graded basis, purely
which was sighted down the river to day [ educational in its character, and no fees In thv spring is the time wln-n tin1 pinch comes. In former years the
have become desperate, and if the stole	,
keepers would not divide up, they have name so prominently before the public.
taken possession, made an inventory of His time being limited, the hours of
tht4 provisions, taken up a collection consultation must bo strictly 10 a. in. to which would be a fair price for the whole
stock, and divided the amongst all the men who needed. Of j -course, they cannot act in such a high-I hiu.de 1 way now, for the police are here. |
An Indian girl came in to day, and j r Ada mat her down beside the tire. Slit']
Ada said
and Persons Afflicted With Voice Detect».
Dress Goods.
Clothing.
Press Serges for 35c.
Press Sergt * for 35c.
Press Serges for 40c.
Press Tweeds worth 3Ac. for 10c. Plain Press Hoods for 8c.
Plain Press Goods for 12**.
Wool Tweed* for 25e.
All wool Tweed for 20c,
All wool Tweede for 35c.
Tweet! worth 6Ao. for ôve.
Men's rants tor 75o.
Men’s Wool Vents for85c.
Mens W’ool Pants ftir $1.
Men’s Wool Pants for $1.25.
Meh’s Fine Black Pants for $1.85. Men's Suits for $V‘ô.
Men’s Suits for $2.*»5.
Men's suits tor $:t.tf.
Men’s b lue Suits for $t fit).
Black Coat and Vest $.5.00.
Professor (}. W. Linton, who has been
ago.
ut a
meriitg and voice defects, will bo at the Russell House on Monday the 15th inst
EXTRA VALUE!
Black Cashmere from 25c. to 73c.
••
Kxlra value In grey and white cotton. Grey Cottons from ;<c. to He. White Cottons from 4c. to loc.
#3.95.
Men s Fine Overcoatr worth #8 50 for #5.75 Men’s Cheap Coats #2.05.
Men’s Overcoats worth #0 for
Clear Tliese Out:
are required in advance. These are facts which have brought the Professor’s
Letter from Rev. H. If ay 1er.
miners
(This letter left Forty Mile on Nov.
20 h or 21«t and was received March 1st.]—W H N
October 6, 1800.—The Alaska CoinManager Shawville Branch, mmcui Company have not brought the
mission supples from St. Michael's yet, imr the linings, including windows Ini off -r six | tlio new House.
log the stwrtiners for the last mom h
proceed up ihe nver to Selkirk, (<>r Pel | “Where y..ur husband
u f	n ' I want
Quitei a number of our y. ung men hav« the winter's supplies lor the people with him » |>ut wou|j fe]l her no more. I returned home from the woods. 1 In y n	r, Hch of the trading post there Th, ^lled me in, and the girl said:
port having done a good winter s work	>hup. Mr. Flewell.og, and Mias Melle*, ,„„egreat lllvd,oine ! My mother plenty
but complain of a scarcity *f "bow dunm. J with the mission children, wete to go t. HU.h." J Hhk< d her where, and she said the early part of the winter	Se kirk o„ the A.cue, to winter there “jn her stomach and in her mouth.”
Mr. J. HanraMj was the guest of Mi They expected t » have been there long KRVt, Bnme camphoretted vaseline Henry Mousseau last week.	**", hui, a. the so.son is now so far ad t1u1 eumt, magnesia and told her to use it.
Several very enjoyable parties ha*? vnuced,and the mission house has not NVe aflerwarde found she had already taken place in this neighborhood lately, been prepared for winter, and is not ye. hvt,n to t|ie Bishop for medicine, and you and our young people are now looking provided with the winder's wood, pi»»*'** limy he sure she did not leave him empty forward to a season of concerts.	have changed. The Bishop imw feels handed. They are all very found of
Numerous h>a< s of pu.(.wood, ties, hr,. Lbliged t » remain at Forty Mile for the mH(jlcjnt% „„d jf you give th “	*
woc u, etc , pis., through here d uly winter. ’He wishes to send Mr. F.eweil L^k for, they will be sick all the time, their way to( ampbell » Biy. The men mi< l() Clondike, the new mining camp,	(Continuedmxt irok.)
complain of the bad condition of the large H^uUt fifty miles up the river ; and, in fact, 1	'	*
hills, th ugh the remainder of the roads \fr Fiewulling ma le an attempt on Oct
Mhotun. I 2nd to start. The Bishop told him on Oct.
1st to go to Clondike. Ho immediately went to the stores and obtained provis ions for the winter. Owing to the non A very interesting affair took place in	I arrival of the steamer, he	had	difficulty
i	Arnprior on March 3rd, it being the mar	in doing this, but between	two	stores he
liage of Mr. John Palmer, of Charteris,	managed it, and started up	the	Hirer in
and Miss Sarah Jane Wall, of North Via- |ft boat at 4.*30 o'clock, Oct. 3rd, three rondon. The bride was becomingly at- I Indians accompanying tired in brown cashmere, and assisted by have gone with him to help him in set Miss Eliza Woods of Thorne. Mr. Ar tling in Clondike ; but at the last it was thur McDowell of Clarendon performed found there was no room for me in the like duties for the groom.	boat. It was just as well, for the next
Mr. Willie and Mias Emma Sheppard morning when wo looked out of the win of (ilengyle were the guests of Mr. John d«»w we saw the river full of floating ice.
Palmer last Sunday week.	and we knew at once the boats could not
Mr. It. and Z. Jones and Mr. Joseph go up. and sure enough, in a short while Wall returned from the woods on Thurs* Mr. Fie welling was back with his Indians j	day evening, looking fine.	and provisions, having had	his	first ex
Quite a number of parties in this vicin*	peri en ce in camjflng out all	night in the
ity are at present engaged in hauling ties snow. The first snow full on Sept. 25th, and wood to Shawville.	after a two day’s rain, which soaked
Misses Kate W orkman and Maud Jones through our mud roof, and obliged us to have returned from Ottawa and Miss B|tiep under rubber blankets, and
Woods returned home on Saturday from hats, rubbers, and Mackintoshes in the.	,	,	.	, , t . T ,	,
Charteris where she lnel been the guest	house.	It fell on everything in the house,	quested LO attend a meeting.	Sawn Lumber, LiltllS,Shingles,
:'±.	-*,to”	t” *» >"¦'<' »t SHAWVILLE	DreBsed Lumbtr, Clapboards,
Mr. Willie Dagg, who has been very ill	escaped.	Since then wo have received a	nn THURSDAY, tllG 18tll of	Moilldftp’S, Doors, Sashes,
for some time past, is, 1am glad to say, fresh supply of snow every day. The ice . ,	n,,1T	.	r	.	n ,
Actor I ,m the Yukon is formed -»n the small I M '•»( II, institut, IOT tile |	Bli lids, etc.
T. W. ALLEN,
i
5 p m.
provisions
Tenders Wanted.
Laundry soap at your own bare for a quarter—at McGuire's Grocery
We have been exprOt
Bella"

Arvuc” and
I»
4 %
pKNPFlts will he received by Mr. Hugh 1 llohbs. Vice Vresident of Pontiac Agricultural .Society No. 1, up loth* 151 li lust, tor Two TIioumiihI feet of 2 by 8 Inch Tama* rno sc«nl lli>e. H feet long, delivered on the Exhibition grounds b, lore the 1st of May next.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily
¦€<•< pled.
JOHN YOUNG.
President.
'In»» Arctic *** t<
IF
i
4
Moxuceau Settlement Notes.



V, ..
Adn
1 •

“You
e


E. GRAHAM,
Hvc-Tivae.
So
3
F I
Tenders Wanted.
To b c«»me wealthy, acquire skill In something, To become shllllul in bunt nos» nielli* otlt., you should lake m course will» u». Our fàclllilea are excellent ; our h ackers, the beet; our rates, most reasonable.
U « Hv for new catalogue, giving full tb* cilpiion oi com.-«ce, methods ui leaching and
ItKPUVKP KATKÜ.
Tenders for the building of the fence imtimd the nrw Exhibition Grounds will be received by H. Hobbs, Vice President, up fO the lsl of April in xl. All muter! 11 supplied excepting units Tenderer» to state price p r 100 feet. Hans and speeifleat ons can be seen at the ofth-e of Mr. Hobbs.
•The lowest or any tender not necessarily
aecepGd.
all they
etn
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
Us to 151$ Rank's*., Ottaw^
E GRAHAM.
Seo.-Trenfl
JOHN YOUNG.
The Renfrew papers announced the death la*t week, of Mr. Andrew Devine, father of Rev. T. M. Devine, of Osceola, and one of the oldest residents of Ron frew county.
11
PrMident
x


•«r^-


Charteris Dots.
STRAYED.
Arthur Smilev,
üTRAYKDiway from x Irx. Wall’* Camp, O lliaek <’m k, Waltham Township. Que., o February U h, 1*87, a Fox Hound. Description : Weight. KO Iles ; height, 26 Inches; Color, black, white and tan spots on shoulder», shies ami flanks; large hl*< k spots on hack, hips and ahou dvrs, partly to one aide ;>j the backbone; long, folding ears, tan color; head also tan, with while spot on forehead, a III i le to one aide ; the lower part of i he leg» are Ian also. Anyone giving Information of ins whereabouts will be eu tably rewarded,
J \H. W. KRYHON, Fort Cou longe, Que.
| I mlertakcr, Inibaliner and Funeral Director
i
POLITICAL MEETING I
(
him. 1 waa to
hll.UVVILLE - - <H K.
i	-----:o:-----
1 \:-JL ORDERS WILL RECEIVE l'KKsONAL ATTENTION AND BATlSFAdlON V.VARANTEED.
1 »

Telephone No. 8
É
ri
I A.—^

WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.

BRYSON, QUE.,

All supporters of the Flynn
Administration are hereby re-
MANUFACTURER OF
wear
w

tea


A complete stock of the above always on hand at
the Yukon is formed on the small | M \	11, ilistîlllt
rivers and runs into the Yukon ; «hut it merely fills the river. When we saw it, we concluded the chances wore ;
The weather has been very fine in this |*®y morreteemers getting up the rivet section lately. Or. Tuesday night, how- this season and I went down to one store ever, enow fell to the depth of about 9 *'»d ordered provisions for the winter, inches, which had the effect of making cruM only get 110° lbs. fhur and nusugar, the roads pretty heavy.
From the appearance of the piles of made up our minds to supply them ccders that the farmers are taking out from the other store a*$ far as possible, in this neighborhood, one would imagine	though wo knewwo could get no more	.
they intended having their farms fenced	fluur there. The Bishop gave	us for the	1110	Ministers	Ot tile Mviin
house the windows which he had ,,	... .
Ctovernment will be present to
in this locality a couple of weeks sgo, I dows for the school'housv, and I got Mr. »y({(]i*eSS tllC lliectilll? have disappeared, and in consequence k'Pl’d to come and put them in today	•"*'
the scare has subsided.	E .
Owing to a slight attack of the grip, | |hem in nicely. H
It v. Mr. Fyles was unable to hold ser vice in the parsonage, at N. Onslow, on Ash Wednesday.
Mr James Young held revival meet HB I I Hi Hi H ings in Onslow last we k ; they were	when we got to the village wo	heard that
very largely attended, and a great deal of [	«ome Indians from the top of	the im un- | deilVOr	to	attend,
gond accomplished.
Mr. J. Rutledge is on the sick list.
Mr. Richard Young is getting out logs | nuking its way up for material with which to clapboard his house. This looks like business, so set your cap, girls, for he has many charms besides the house.
for the
recovering.

a mc.
purpose of choosing a eandi-»g»inet | date for the approaching Provincial election. Mr. McLean
Main St. • - Shawville.
RF.1A HUM! A SI'RCIA/.TV.
Anrcslcy Notes.
Scroll Sawing, Turning, and In fuel all kinds of Builders Supplies turned out.

i
having signified his intention
SEE
Custom Sawing, Planing and Matching done on shortest
notice.
Other necessaries were also lucking, and Qf retiring from the field.
•	. A J .k I. m « It M » k V I t I / I fs 4 t k #k k • • k ¦ x. 1 « . ft I. ak -- - I
the large Stock of TWEEDS, SERGES, WORSTEDS, etc.,
It is expected tint one of
to perfection next year.	I "ew
The diphtheriacases which prevailed in been accustomed to u»e as outnide win
Builders Estimates rnrnislied on
Application.
AT
¦.rzrssyssi a.it«!«*»«. ,w«&.,Panclfr„„,», „p.
hut is very handy. He was a Y. Vf. C. | meeting should bea thorou<rhlv niiiirrinl proportionately low, \ seel ry in Seattle, Wash, Ü. 6.	1	'	‘ 1
This afternoon we started for the store to finish getting our winter supplies ; hut
A. R McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR.
p.S.—Scutch Tweeds (from Scotland.)


representative one, it is hoped everyone interested will

-IREMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
en
TARIFF OF TOLLS
tain, had seen the steamer about If) miles down the river, and that it was slowly
i. Vhi decided us not to make any more purchases till it came,
II. IIOBBS. Chairman P. C. A.
when we would either have the mi«»ion [ mTiT..r,.l, in ’(V7
supplies, or be able t<> buy some th • | ODB” V1116, JV13TCD 1U, Ji.
a h ich at present we cannot. When the weather becomes so cold, it is difficult for a steamer to come, for the ice clogs up the paddle wheels very quickly. H w ever, they hope the steamer may arrive some time to morrow.
Life is somewhat monotonous, and the arrival of a steamer—especially when it removes the danger of starving—is cau»e enough for a great deal of talk and ex citement, and in this case it has relieved ! 10 30, 11.15.
to be collected during the season of 1897 by
The subscriber desires to inform his old customers and t|ie public generally that lie has removed hi» blacksmithing business ( oppoai pa red may bo manirer.
Martin.
back to his old stand on Main Street nobody,) where he is now preexecute all work with which he favored in a most satisfactory
m dflitze Rrplds Impiwe-
fflsii! Compati, Lïl
Ottawa and Aylmer Electric By.
7
Kippewa Notes.
“One of the buys" at present engaged in hauling supplies on the Kippewa writes The Eqiity as follows :
The roads are very bad at present, owing to uur having experienced lately the worst show storm that has ever visit-
TIME TABLE : Leave Aylmer for Hull.
I k
SPKVIAL ATTENTION PAID TO
HORSE-SHOEING -0-
AND ALL KINDS-
A M.—6 30. 7 30, ft 15, 9 00. 9.45,
P.M.—12 15, 12 45, 1 l n great many of much anxiety,	for now	!	I 45,	2 15,	2.45,	3 15,	3 45, ,4 15.	4	45.
it i* almost certain that	there	will be	|	5 15,	5 45,	0 15,	(> 45,	7 15, 7 45,	8	15.
sufficient provisions in the	country to feed	9 10,	9 50.	10 30
Wt,	Li: \1	I Hi M, Kl	Y Ff>R Av i.MRR.
roH TSE OF IMI»ROVtl»lEi\TS :
Siwlogs 17ft. arid under in length, per I h»ww having become exhausted, obliged thousand feet 1 ard measure 2\ cents, [the drivers to #smp out all night on
( Kippewa lake, and they had to go 24 Red and white Pme, Tamarac, Spruce | boor# without food. I*re us to tins and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 gtorin the roads had been in excellent ft. am! tool, i 30ft. long, per th« Mid |condition, fee ward raeasur-	*•
JOBBING AND REPAIRING.
us all till next summer ; and of course are duly thankful to the Giver of all good things.
Some things are amusing. The Indian who came to deliver our pro vis
Charges Moderate
AM -7 30, 8 15. 9 00. 9 45,	10	30,
11.15, 12 00 noun.	F	M - 12 30,	1	00,
1 30, 2 00 , 2 30, 3	00.	3 30, 4 00.	4	30
' 5 00, 5 30, 6 00, fi	30	7 00. 7 30,	8	00*
8 30,9 10, 9 50, 10 30. 11 15
The boys are a’l doing well, especially
Th - Orr. who has succeeded in sideJHHHH^	Hi , Hi
tracking another individual, in the affec- ions, knocked at the door and, when it
whs opened, said to A»la “lb-re you
Thomas" feels grub 1” and smiled all over him face, just
I as if he knew the insult he had “Where T said Ada.

Thanking the public for past favors, the subscriber hopes by strict attention te i, ____ ¦ dally, Monday* Included. Close I business and by giving good satisfaction
..ffert d | Sll'œ Valû.'ÿïr*'n's at Hui"end * 1,1 n,eril a «ontinuanoe of their patronage. ” with Cunt lac Pacific at Aylmer.
Red and white Fine, Tamarac, Spruce
and Hemlock, round or flatted, «iOn. t|one s y,,Uhg jHdy of this neighbor long and upwards in length,	'J ^ | hood. As a consequence Thomas feeh
N
Car* run
sand feet board measure
young again.	^1»
Red and white Pine, Tamarac, «pmee [ C »™d^nand'Brut?. I* They*“fpend their replied the Indum, pointing down,, the Hemlock, square or wav.vy b.e»id, per guudnva at. Mr. W. J. Connelly', where bank to the «led on which he had brought thousand cubic fett.....CJuU' fe,vice* are held from 9 to 10, to which , “ h"6"1 the «tore. Thu is the lut he
0 0
There 1
46

J. LESTER.
Bitgguge promptly handled.
II. B. B 'KNCFH,
Maua&lng Director.
Shawville, Nov, 9, 1S9C.















i












